Today 2026-03-04 Developments: A Look at Our Codebase (1 Months Review)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

We’re excited to share a summary of the significant progress made across
our repositories in the last 1 months. Our dedicated team has been busy
pushing new features, refining existing functionalities, and enhancing
the overall stability of our products.

Here’s a breakdown of key contributions by repository:

openembedded-core
-----------------

Repository URL: https://git.openembedded.org/openembedded-core

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Adam Duskett**: Adam Duskett ensured a word boundary for “exit 1” in
rpm/rootfs.py to prevent false failures caused by matching “exit 100%”.
This change prevents incorrect regex matches in the log file.
Additionally, in rpm-sequoia, version 1.10.0 was upgraded to 1.10.1,
including commits for handling signatures that do not conform to the
policy or use unsupported algorithms.

Here the commits of **Adam Duskett** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Adam Duskett** on 2026-02-17: `rpm-sequoia: upgrade 1.10.0 ->
   1.10.1 <https://git.openembedded.org/openembedded-core/commit/?id=f159f285ae2aec74e85022de53b14bb8d40a8be0>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2026-02-23: `rpm/rootfs.py: ensure exit 1 has a
   word
   boundary <https://git.openembedded.org/openembedded-core/commit/?id=c2ee574f1276245a7e2c291419bfae73891330ac>`__

cutekeyboard
------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/cutekeyboard.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-1:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Andrea Ricchi**: Andrea Ricchi added local development paths for
running an example without installing the plugin by defining
PLUGIN_BUILD_DIR in example.pro to point to the source build output.
This change allows for registering both the library and QML import paths
at runtime. Additionally, Andrea Ricchi implemented a null check for
objectName in Key.qml and introduced a persistent shift/uppercase
configuration feature. This new feature enables toggling the keyboard to
stay in uppercase mode after a character is typed, mimicking standard
mobile-like shift behavior.

Here the commits of **Andrea Ricchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2026-02-27: `Add persistent shift/uppercase
   configuration <https://github.com/amarula/cutekeyboard/commit/92cbe07e9022eb6fa542062d989ddd8e35dad014>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2026-02-27: `Key.qml: add null check for
   objectName <https://github.com/amarula/cutekeyboard/commit/da94d7276659a827db269bdfc4f5a042f97b5473>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2026-03-04: `Add local dev paths for running
   example without installing
   plugin <https://github.com/amarula/cutekeyboard/commit/56e886745c4b64934b2116664b2c92bfe0b7fdc5>`__

git-analyzer
------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-2:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Michael Trimarchi**: Michael Trimarchi updated the config.ini file in
the Amarula project by adding the check-jenkins plugin fork and moving
git-collect to the official new jenkinsci site. These changes enhance
the project’s functionality and ensure compatibility with the latest
tools and plugins, contributing to a more efficient and streamlined
development process at Amarula Solutions.

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-20: `amarula: config.ini: Move
   git-collect to official new jenkinsci
   site <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/5bb359b467b5e1f60ba4977d03c1c85014fb084b>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-20: `amarula: config.ini: Add
   check-jenkins plugin
   fork <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/a74b95b38b817a36903adc7d0eecfea95f38b0bf>`__

check-jenkins
-------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/check-jenkins

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-3:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Michael Trimarchi**: Michael Trimarchi fixed a bug in the
\`web/fetcher.ts\` file to handle cases where results from
\`warning-ng\` are missing in the remote endpoint. This change ensures
that errors are skipped if the run has already been collected. The fix
prevents unnecessary 404 errors from being generated. Additionally,
Michael implemented persistent IndexedDB caching for check results in
the \`web\` module to reduce latency and load on the Jenkins CI server.
This optimization introduces a generic \`RequestLRUCache\` utility using
IndexedDB for cross-session storage and improves data isolation between
different Jenkins instances. The caching logic enhances performance by
reducing the number of network requests needed to fetch and parse data.

.. _here-the-commits-of-michael-trimarchi-in-detail-1:

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-15: `jenkins-checks: Implement
   backend proxy and support for detailed
   reports <https://github.com/amarula/check-jenkins/commit/1912addc599ed71cf5916feb85ebe5e94762d683>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-15: `web/fetcher: Explode test and
   warning results into distinct check
   runs <https://github.com/amarula/check-jenkins/commit/75b7d756fb7f88cea72464bfbfc08113715807db>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-17: `web/fetcher.ts: Avoid to poll
   for warnings and junits if run is not
   completed <https://github.com/amarula/check-jenkins/commit/097eb36964d5f24f0d1e6c15a7edc774c074f1db>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-17: `web/fetcher.ts: Don’t skip
   success tests
   result <https://github.com/amarula/check-jenkins/commit/0a259f7c30b03799f84739460e0b1a19b7f97df7>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-17: `web/fetcher.ts: Publish the run
   even when the issues reported are
   0 <https://github.com/amarula/check-jenkins/commit/b1f9008ce36c5dbc2f4bdc7faaf286586ccfd002>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-18: `web/fetcher.ts: Fix a bug
   connected to attempt variable not
   set <https://github.com/amarula/check-jenkins/commit/d6df2f8f7408ec847343a0cad2d4484a8a2992cd>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-20: `jenkins: Add connection and
   request timeouts to
   HttpClient <https://github.com/amarula/check-jenkins/commit/555fa5c8e10014b597384c9375f6af7dfe856c14>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-20: `web: implement persistent
   IndexedDB caching for check
   results <https://github.com/amarula/check-jenkins/commit/405e5a083088e3e57b8c93f853bc199a4b21176f>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-20: `web/fetcher.ts: Ask again to
   the cache if the length is
   0 <https://github.com/amarula/check-jenkins/commit/10939f8d0622c5f2a3884cd3b5905769b9e0357f>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-20: `web/fetcher.ts: Continue if the
   totalruns are
   0 <https://github.com/amarula/check-jenkins/commit/9b03ad455a120d081422abe31b729707f9673f53>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-20: `web: improve caching logic and
   scope for check
   runs <https://github.com/amarula/check-jenkins/commit/df3d7b68f5e746dc200586c03854ee6f0aa367fb>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-21: `jenkins: migrate proxying to
   RestApi and support multi-instance
   auth <https://github.com/amarula/check-jenkins/commit/289dfe609ab1d93cf12fe99efb56740849034620>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-21: `web: Fix multiproject
   configuration
   support <https://github.com/amarula/check-jenkins/commit/b745d9a0f8e2e6adacddd8e26eca606b0a7e51d6>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-22: `web/fetcher.ts: Fix when
   results from warning-ng are not present in remote
   endpoint <https://github.com/amarula/check-jenkins/commit/b3a91b770d49092c611e7f7c7337aa71168b46b7>`__

meta-mend
---------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-4:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Adam Duskett**: Adam Duskett added scarthgap compatibility to the
layer configuration file, enabling seamless integration with scarthgap.
This enhancement ensures that the layer functions effectively with
scarthgap, expanding its compatibility and usability.

.. _here-the-commits-of-adam-duskett-in-detail-1:

Here the commits of **Adam Duskett** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Adam Duskett** on 2026-02-06: `conf/layer.conf: add scarthgap
   compatibility <https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend/commit/5502ee60f281aa54c16843e9c3b8c95484b57e7f>`__

explain-error-plugin
--------------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/jenkinsci/explain-error-plugin

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-5:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi**: Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi fixed the
link to the pipeline-overview node in the PipelineLogExtractor,
addressing issue #81. This correction ensures that users can access the
pipeline overview information seamlessly, improving the overall user
experience and efficiency of navigating through the pipeline logs.

Here the commits of **Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi** on 2026-02-07: `PipelineLogExtractor:
   Fix link to pipeline-overview node
   (#81) <https://github.com/jenkinsci/explain-error-plugin/commit/1818f0f29f73ba0f5f66a138642930c44f375f35>`__

**Michael Trimarchi**: Michael Trimarchi dropped unused imports in the
test source code. He implemented a common ancestor lookup for multi-node
failures in pipelines to ensure the error URL points to the most
relevant parent context. Additionally, Michael updated the
PipelineLogExtractor to allow AI to distinguish logs by FlowNode,
include WarningAction failures in log extraction, and temporarily drop
strategy 3 to prevent confusion and improve explanation accuracy.

.. _here-the-commits-of-michael-trimarchi-in-detail-2:

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-28: `PipelineLogExtractor:
   Temporarily drop strategy
   3 <https://github.com/jenkinsci/explain-error-plugin/commit/c6cb3b820ed24dd9bb143a79889c8a066cfb53dd>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-28: `PipelineLogExtractor: Include
   WarningAction failures in log
   extraction <https://github.com/jenkinsci/explain-error-plugin/commit/9df288a9dab754bb61f0620ed5bd226a1e4a2a6c>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-28: `PipelineLogExtractor: Let AI
   distinguish log by
   FlowNode <https://github.com/jenkinsci/explain-error-plugin/commit/9d10b2611099441e163e2d9d841f33986fe5480c>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-03-01: `feat: implement common ancestor
   lookup for multi-node
   failures <https://github.com/jenkinsci/explain-error-plugin/commit/0c5643bf3d87bd62f9a22a0770ff65a0bb54be53>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-03-02: `src: test: Drop unused
   imports <https://github.com/jenkinsci/explain-error-plugin/commit/259b25f541da59aa6eafe559e858f3be062d8a81>`__

meta-openembedded
-----------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-6:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Adam Duskett**: Adam Duskett updated libtoml11 by moving SRCREV below
SRC_URI as per the recipe style guide. Additionally, a BBCLASSEXTEND was
added to potentially support native versions for future recipes. A
cve_product and bugtracker URL were included, and PTEST_ENABLED is now
checked instead of DISTRO_FEATURES for enabling ptests. The SRC_URI now
uses gitsm, allowing the removal of SRCREV_json and SRCREV_doctest. In
the libtoml11/files directory, upstream-status was changed in a patch,
and run-ptest script was cleaned up to fix Shellcheck warnings and other
issues. Adam Duskett also upgraded libtsm from version 4.4.0 to 4.4.2.

.. _here-the-commits-of-adam-duskett-in-detail-2:

Here the commits of **Adam Duskett** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Adam Duskett** on 2026-02-05: `libtsm: upgrade 4.4.0 ->
   4.4.2 <https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded/commit/83bf29198b4852e4001d63705504f21d38fa1a99>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2026-02-05: `kmscon: bump version to
   9.3.1 <https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded/commit/800998234a3b3989b09714c5ad2474e2e3571e66>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2026-02-16: `kmscon: bump version to
   9.3.2 <https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded/commit/83c76a57b0a3bfd705d4df28f34b81dbfb27efa2>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2026-02-17: `libtoml11/files/run-ptest:
   cleanup <https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded/commit/e1d3b9598e3a149f6f5ca323503b6e745dedf66d>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2026-02-17:
   `libtoml11/files/0001-Remove-whitespace-in-operator.patch: change
   upstream-status <https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded/commit/2681b16e8ae3ba458e1f3621fbbd86a845a257a6>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2026-02-17: `libtoml11: use gitsm for
   SRC_URI <https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded/commit/6a5cb4697b1eaccf553cc4be5009b72b2da25011>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2026-02-17: `libtoml11: check PTEST_ENABLED
   instead of
   DISTRO_FEATURES <https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded/commit/ce96911f6825d9bd63a1f26154d9d2de9eaad3d5>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2026-02-17: `libtoml11: Add a bugtracker
   url <https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded/commit/4c7aaad52ddb1b45a3f874819a2d302c26d9c5e6>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2026-02-17: `libtoml11: add a
   cve_product <https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded/commit/4eefeb335747f699dd29dfd8c29af69fe6ae4370>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2026-02-17: `libtoml11: add a
   BBCLASSEXTEND <https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded/commit/4e105b27491a249109b174d2d6849e579a62627c>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2026-02-17: `libtoml11: move SRCREV below
   SRC_URI <https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded/commit/e19775fba85e966d482ac7bee933754863e3acfe>`__


buildroot
---------

Repository URL: https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-8:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Dario Binacchi**: Dario Binacchi updated the package/less to version
692, as detailed in the change log at
https://www.greenwoodsoftware.com/less/news.692.html. This update
ensures that the project is using the latest version of the package,
incorporating any new features, bug fixes, and improvements.

Here the commits of **Dario Binacchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-02-09: `package/less: bump to version
   692 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/429bcb111baada7445ac69b31e83e858559d7f9b>`__

This overview highlights the continuous effort and innovation from our
development team. We look forward to bringing even more exciting updates
in the future!

--------------

*Generated by the Git Commit Article Generator*
