Today 2025-10-01 Developments: A Look at Our Codebase (1 Months Review)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

We’re excited to share a summary of the significant progress made across
our repositories in the last 1 months. Our dedicated team has been busy
pushing new features, refining existing functionalities, and enhancing
the overall stability of our products.

Here’s a breakdown of key contributions by repository:

chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin
---------------------------------

Repository URL:
https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin.git

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Michael Trimarchi**: In the past month, Michael Trimarchi made
significant contributions to the project. They updated the GitHub action
to use Java 21, addressing a critical issue related to Maven
compilation. The error message indicated a fatal error compiling due to
an unsupported release version. By implementing this update, Michael
ensured the project’s compatibility with the required Java version and
resolved the compilation error. This improvement demonstrates their
commitment to maintaining the project’s functionality and compatibility
with the latest technologies.

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-09-08: `.github: Update the github
   action to use
   java21 <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/6e210eb8a429f14d327ec9d29f512d3778448dc9>`__

**Patrizio Gelosi**: In the past month, Patrizio Gelosi made significant
contributions to software development. They refactored code to move
shared logic into common packages, benefiting both OpenAI and LangChain.
They added support for ON_DEMAND context policy in LangChain and fixed
issues with token estimators. Patrizio also introduced default domain
and model values for all providers, simplifying configuration. They
expanded LangChain to support Moonshot AI and Google Gemini, enforcing
JSON responses and implementing token-based memory retention.
Additionally, they enhanced LangChain’s backend with features like
structured responses and Gerrit retrieval. Patrizio prepared the
codebase for multiple AI backends, updated configurations, and
documentation for future integrations. Overall, these contributions
improved functionality, integration capabilities, and code organization
in the software project.

Here the commits of **Patrizio Gelosi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-05: `chore: add license headers to
   sources <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/5024020b159e6bc57a3400b16b853193c2b7c573>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-05: `style: update to
   google-java-format
   1.28.0 <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/f4e68960420fb87f6a5f0307475eb0b78e20d6f3>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-05: `chore: update
   dependencies <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/4126f05922ffa731bd96a8bfca40e7ef705f8836>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-08: `chore: bump to
   gerrit-3.12.2 <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/f450c26266e23627692ed01fa6d4067efebe4d21>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-08: `chore: upgrade SLF4J to latest
   stable <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/29a3a031ad448f50225c42a15d5c1f3123fbbf33>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-08: `chore: bump to version
   3.1.0 <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/7a42d79590d8626a491cafec7052b2a9e1f5cccc>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-08: `docs: sync README with
   3.1.0 <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/d8914192e17bdac6e4b386e58e559e01f175b64b>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-09: `feat: default to Stateful
   mode <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/a90ab3d0a3102785e1198dd7a60bf998f86257dc>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-11: `feat: prepare for multiple AI
   backends <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/032dfc127b5622ec12f6c162b40dddc19d8bde66>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-11: `fix: dynamic config key
   parsing <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/6a75c074236456a138c12140b3ce9cbb34b3e1f6>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-15: `chore: switch gpt names to
   ai <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/645e6661de9c1cfee45248c4c355aa96b8996c28>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-16: `chore: update .gitignore for VS
   Code <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/07ad13e6e226c6718a597f0d6d05d629940c3b58>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-16: `feat: add LangChain
   backend <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/1a31d0b34346aa00783a1d989ddfc40fe7d34232>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-16: `feat: LangChain token-based
   memory <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/d8bb2295b67635dd500411d38cd4d0c519980cc9>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-17: `feat: add Google Gemini support
   in
   LangChain <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/f667ec5b6413b1fe8c7d9ab62a02ae979960f454>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-18: `feat: switch LangChain memory to
   Gerrit
   retrieval <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/82f0375e49a928dfdf943583e00f6443eaed01b4>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-18: `feat: LangChain: enforce JSON
   responses <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/adc31d7b9e6f08c04103db9ae366d4733d16af64>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-19: `feat: add Moonshot AI support in
   LangChain <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/c18072d7d24daa7dbfd1d051544c06d08b25f2e3>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-19: `chore: reorganize test
   packages <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/93dadcfa2633047175e2a6403f35d40108386f2a>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-19: `feat: use default model
   values <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/0902882258ff93ad9e4b1698b73695ebc970ce9e>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-22: `feat: use default domain
   values <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/1e375f5073ddb64ed7ab311e8164973606da8172>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-23: `fix: LangChain token
   estimators <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/4442252623196e35dd037a04d16797e664711d71>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-24: `feat: LangChain: support
   ON_DEMAND context
   policy <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/91eef3aea683fb2c479937bc65f03ce6b31654e7>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-09-24: `refactor: move shared code into
   common
   packages <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/27b4c69cde1be1aad6ebccfb02cd10a64bb7a7bc>`__

git-analyzer
------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-1:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Andrea Calabrese**: Andrea Calabrese added Rust coreutils to the
configuration, enhancing the software’s functionality.

Here the commits of **Andrea Calabrese** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Andrea Calabrese** on 2025-09-10: `Add Rust coreutils to
   config <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/773238d08b46f40e4497395f5cbac3319fb4a025>`__

**Dario Binacchi**: Dario Binacchi made a significant contribution to
the software development by adding the Drogon repository to the
config.ini file in the Amarula project. This enhancement suggests a
proactive approach to optimizing the project’s functionality and
potentially improving its performance. The addition of the Drogon
repository could indicate a strategic decision to leverage additional
resources or features for the project.

Here the commits of **Dario Binacchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-24: `amarula: config.ini: Add drogon
   repo <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/4389cc01f73c0383dcbdf1e7dda6e68cc7641a63>`__

**Michael Trimarchi**: Michael Trimarchi contributed a new plugin called
“explain-error-plugin” to the amarula repository. This plugin is
designed to analyze build reports. This addition indicates a focus on
improving build processes and error analysis within the project. The
introduction of this plugin suggests a commitment to enhancing the
development workflow and ensuring better error handling.

.. _here-the-commits-of-michael-trimarchi-in-detail-1:

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-10-01: `amarula: Add
   explain-error-plugin
   repo <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/6ed6a35a54ec4dbe99e2a956cc1ee4914d56c537>`__

meta-mend
---------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-2:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Michael Trimarchi**: Michael Trimarchi made several key contributions
over the past month. They improved the functionality of the
\`mend.bbclass\` by passing the mend URL to the UA CLI, using the
\`MEND_URL\` for the REST API, adding debug output for waiting time in
async method, and making \`mend_get_async_report\` more generic to
download any report type. Additionally, they updated the documentation
in the \`README.md\` regarding the change to the PDF report format, now
stored in a zip file for large reports. Moreover, they implemented the
use of async API for report generation, ensuring the readiness of the
report to be downloaded in zip format instead of PDF. These changes
enhance flexibility and efficiency in report generation and handling
within the software.

.. _here-the-commits-of-michael-trimarchi-in-detail-2:

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-09-06: `mend.bbclass: Use async api for
   report
   generation <https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend/commit/514bba3d745e45c476a1df2b69490834eefbd286>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-09-07: `README.md: Update documentation
   for pdf report format
   change <https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend/commit/6ade15934c1f8737508e4e94e11ebdddc7ae2a40>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-09-07: `classes: mend.bbclass: Make
   mend_get_async_report more
   generic <https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend/commit/04b2d19a7ea033d12c18d7b821859f3120f7cfeb>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-09-08: `classes: mend.bbclass: Add
   debug output for waiting time in async
   method <https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend/commit/43f9419e26d1721e2774bc6771794d7fbdd8244b>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-09-08: `classes: mend.bbclass: Use the
   MEND_URL for the rest
   api <https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend/commit/c14db68b65c48e73ea2f666213d3aa8608174ec2>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-09-08: `classes: mend.bbclass: Pass the
   mend url to the ua
   cli <https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend/commit/c66c93c98e5dbefedbea37589f0a1c14dfbbe54a>`__

**Ondrej Pik**: Ondrej Pik made significant contributions to the
software development process over the past month. They improved the
\`mend.bbclass\` by ensuring the scanning process focuses on open source
projects and avoids closed-source packages, enhancing the overall
efficiency and accuracy of vulnerability discovery. Additionally, Ondrej
Pik fixed the URL for the mend agent, ensuring it now ends with ‘/agent’
to align with REST API requirements, thereby enhancing the service’s
functionality and user experience. These changes showcase a commitment
to optimizing security measures and streamlining operations within the
software development environment.

Here the commits of **Ondrej Pik** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Ondrej Pik** on 2025-09-28: `classes: mend.bbclass: Fix mend url
   for
   agent <https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend/commit/fc09ff6d794a9760e402a79bd23388811c0d65dc>`__
-  **Ondrej Pik** on 2025-09-28: `classes: mend.bbclass: Skip packages
   with closed
   license <https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend/commit/dcb66ba02c465ba4bb13a944182c307a686548f6>`__

nlcpp
-----

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-3:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Roman Smrž**: Roman Smrž made several significant contributions over
the past month to the software development project. These include adding
priority accessors to the Route object, exporting configuration for
CMake find package, introducing methods to retrieve a list of next hops
from a route, and incorporating protocol and family wrappers in the
Route class. Additionally, Roman implemented a RouteCache wrapper class,
refactored common functionality of typed caches to a shared template,
and added methods to obtain generic family names and IDs from interface
classes. Furthermore, Roman enhanced error handling by providing error
codes from Exception objects, added socket methods to join and leave
multicast groups, and introduced a generic netlink message helper class.
These contributions demonstrate Roman’s commitment to improving
functionality, error handling, and code organization within the project.

Here the commits of **Roman Smrž** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-08-26: `Netlink
   messages <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/239fab6d22ac16f0cfecb760307b553317190108>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-08-26: `Callback wrappers in netlink
   socket <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/caf0202e9919bacf1a8ce60fcbae1c3413afb429>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-08-27: `Return success boolean from route
   netlink
   modifications <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/16fce3ff554b59fa59bcd7deaaa2885163b48771>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-08-27: `Generic netlink message helper
   class <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/67c694a852ab580e56e47da4189119c17caa2e5c>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-08-27: `Get interface command in nl80211
   netlink
   family <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/e38bd1281f40e1bd6fc7e8d56cf44c78dae412d8>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-09-05: `Route address scope and
   label <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/51fd11b6d8cf69348072b7232876f77630c00b30>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-09-05: `Ctrl generic family
   interface <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/dd65f5b0aa256a259fd395bf0616ba10c4acacef>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-09-08: `Socket methods to join and leave
   mulitcast
   group <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/c309067c7817d7691b295d848fbf09fba5362571>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-09-08: `Provide error code from Exception
   object <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/be0fe45cb06ce653dd6af760867a274ba6b0b698>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-09-08: `Build shared library by
   default <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/0ea067886b038d04d2e34ac3acae47c2607193e2>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-09-09: `Use imported targets from PkgConfig in
   CMake <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/80de50c20e22fae79c2523b6d824c0bc1ae3575f>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-09-10: `Methods needed to poll and receive
   events <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/fa4661e5f074a8b8649a4caebbbf92d81a0d246c>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-09-11: `Disable sequence checking to receive
   multicast
   messages <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/bd28864b59d1eb27c6c53d173617705659b5ff74>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-09-12: `Add family accessors to address
   class <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/9a92bcf410df819c2513d282ce3512c8f9108c23>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-09-12: `Use boolean return value for route
   manipulation <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/260b1440e337bdb493fa78dd660b8161a1ab3ac8>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-09-15: `Methods to get generic family name and
   id from interface
   classes <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/bdfa2a9b71d08d582e405f9d8eb1b21d550c7463>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-09-16: `Refactor common functionality of typed
   caches to shared
   template <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/9a110b49dfe695f00882abc35ac5cc220647add6>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-09-17: `Add route cache
   wrapper <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/c47917c617550b468058f98e6c14392af7513493>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-09-17: `Add protocol and family wrappers in
   Route <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/c80bd5ca8ac9d1327299a3c3edeab57f80fde0de>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-09-17: `Method to get list of next hops from
   route <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/a99b74907901132a3643c4a2a84a9f1248e4c7a4>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-09-17: `Use CMake build and install interfaces
   for public
   headers <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/6ae05ed08929ca335cf10373b3b7383ff9b8fabd>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-09-17: `Export config for CMake find
   package <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/8af60d68a425b6c9439ebc1d400c60106067e751>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-09-17: `Version
   0.1.1 <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/affd1db71c132a40beeb10dca5cc9905c431a923>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-09-17: `Add priority accessors to Route
   object <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/689fae9f528c204b149ce715719c0402c981b855>`__

explain-error-plugin
--------------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/jenkinsci/explain-error-plugin

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-4:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi**: Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi moved the
plugin to utilize langchain4j in commit #32, showcasing a significant
feature enhancement. This underscores a proactive approach to
integrating cutting-edge technology for improved functionality. The
collaborative effort with Xianpeng Shen and Copilot demonstrates a
commitment to leveraging diverse expertise. This change likely aligns
with a broader strategy to enhance the plugin’s performance and expand
its capabilities. The decision to update the technology stack reflects a
forward-thinking attitude towards software development.

Here the commits of **Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi** on 2025-10-01: `feat: Move the plugin
   to use langchain4j
   (#32) <https://github.com/jenkinsci/explain-error-plugin/commit/0649b29a532fbb0f661147489c574306f2b568ff>`__

coreutils
---------

Repository URL: https://github.com/uutils/coreutils.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-5:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Andrea Calabrese**: Andrea Calabrese made significant contributions to
the software development project over the past month. They added a
benchmark for base64, enhancing performance monitoring by including
tests for encoding, decoding, and decoding while ignoring garbage
characters. Additionally, Andrea improved the fast_decode function
within the base_common module, optimizing its efficiency by reusing
input from the has_padding function and reducing computation overhead.
These changes aim to address delays in processing larger files. Their
commitment to performance optimization and code efficiency demonstrates
a proactive approach to improving the software’s functionality.

.. _here-the-commits-of-andrea-calabrese-in-detail-1:

Here the commits of **Andrea Calabrese** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Andrea Calabrese** on 2025-09-09: `base_common: re-using input from
   has_padding <https://github.com/uutils/coreutils/commit/f39f2a769a97ae3a6279a08686dfb8ae1194289c>`__
-  **Andrea Calabrese** on 2025-09-09: `base_common: fast_decode
   improvements <https://github.com/uutils/coreutils/commit/f953ccecef19f5b4127d9899332dbf20f5217e01>`__
-  **Andrea Calabrese** on 2025-09-29: `Add benchmark for
   base64 <https://github.com/uutils/coreutils/commit/60b9b876bc92641e168a6dd982af556290a7576e>`__

buildroot
---------

Repository URL: https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-6:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Adam Duskett**: Adam Duskett made several significant contributions in
software development over the past month. They updated the \`foot\`
package to version 1.22.3, requiring libxkbcommon >= 1.8.0 and
implementing necessary changes. Additionally, they bumped the \`fcft\`
package to version 3.3.1 and the \`libxkbcommon\` package to version
1.9.2, addressing website changes, sha256sum calculation, and license
updates. Furthermore, they upgraded \`utf8proc\` to version 2.10.0,
adding Unicode 16 support. In terms of package management, Adam Duskett
removed the outdated \`dmenu-wayland\` package and introduced a new
\`wmenu\` package, which serves as a dynamic menu replacement for
Wayland compositors. They also updated the sway package to use \`wmenu\`
instead of \`dmenu- wayland\`. Finally, they removed themselves from the
sway packages due to unaddressed patch submissions. Overall, Adam
Duskett’s contributions encompassed version updates, package changes,
and improvements in compatibility and functionality within the software
ecosystem.

Here the commits of **Adam Duskett** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-14: `package/wmenu: new
   package <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/1c3653466473c019889a361979e652b238b83a2e>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-14: `package/dmenu-wayland: remove
   package <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/696113c2b7cd0eb46e705b7c37956303e359ebeb>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-14: `package/utf8proc: bump version to
   2.10.0 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/74b502a54e9632e74ab14a57f045191ca03f2767>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-14: `package/libxkbcommon: bump to
   version
   1.9.2 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/8abbc307a5b3c4bb2fab264b804a74754f87f1df>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-14: `package/fcft: bump to version
   3.3.1 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/92ed32439c97de7aeefcf6fc73f5edfa17aa7fdf>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-14: `package/foot: bump version to
   1.22.3 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/ae33520d998313169ebd57de8de99e0c24a1ad4f>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-09-25: `DEVELOPERS: Remove
   adam.duskett@amarulasolutions from sway
   packages <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/20f99312c9ae6b20da8a5c801d972d76c8c0784f>`__

**Andrea Ricchi**: Andrea Ricchi contributed to the integration of
cutekeyboard in the DEVELOPERS list and updated the package version to
1.4.0. These changes indicate progress in incorporating the cutekeyboard
feature and ensuring the software is up to date. The commits suggest a
focus on enhancing the user experience with cutekeyboard, possibly
introducing new functionalities or improvements. Overall, Andrea
Ricchi’s contributions over the month appear to be centered around
developing and maintaining the cutekeyboard feature within the software,
indicating a commitment to ongoing development and refinement of this
specific aspect.

Here the commits of **Andrea Ricchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-09-04: `package/cutekeyboard: bump version
   to
   1.4.0 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/cb0c193c81fe0afb54de5d445b8c9dfa2831cc92>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-09-04: `DEVELOPERS: add Andrea Ricchi for
   cutekeyboard <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/d652b20128b8498777db4788ae14049bcac3d58d>`__

**Dario Binacchi**: Dario Binacchi made significant contributions over
the past month, focusing on updating various packages to newer versions.
Some notable changes include bumping package versions such as erofs-
utils to 1.8.10, evtest to 1.36, and enet to 1.3.18. Improvements were
made to package cutekeyboard to ensure compliance with
release-monitoring.org. Additionally, Dario Binacchi resolved issues and
integrated security fixes for packages like connman and atop to address
CVE vulnerabilities. Overall, Dario Binacchi’s contributions involved
updating, fixing, and enhancing various software packages across the
development environment.

.. _here-the-commits-of-dario-binacchi-in-detail-1:

Here the commits of **Dario Binacchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-02: `package/uuu: bump to version
   1.5.233 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/10a831794bbb276fca2666b77fac8692654c3752>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-02: `package/armadillo: bump to version
   15.0.1 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/597d5d10ec77f7655e2608c2c45a257a9be50352>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-02: `package/pocketpy: bump to version
   2.1.1 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/7489133fe11c986600760949e24b3b6824158ac4>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-15: `package/inih: bump to version
   62 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/2b2191cff514e9b9397aba520588d22269e3ad99>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-15: `package/armadillo: bump to version
   15.0.2 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/ef26611cc37574cc7209200847339808b4d98f38>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-18: `package/acsccid: bump to version
   1.1.12 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/cbc1dbc8895e92d51dd7c0c93c704fc5312fbd3c>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-18: `package/aespipe: bump to version
   2.4j <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/e94b305e1e248cea18e2b44dfe45cdc8dd2b5a59>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-18: `package/apr: bump to version
   1.7.6 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/2ad2eb4495ba260cdc71d5fb51f97d9ec2a6b1b8>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-20: `package/atf: bump to version
   0.23 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/d6c3257e931ed256e3ebcd78938f6146bba8586f>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-20: `DEVELOPERS: add Dario Binacchi for
   atf <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/713fbb1f39f91a7f6b5ac70d8ceec1860ff11da4>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-20: `package/cmocka: bump to version
   1.1.8 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/308735139901237bef012150f39ad815275f107a>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-20: `DEVELOPERS: add Dario Binacchi for
   cmocka <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/190c4823353db294e60773d3e4be6d51b1f08425>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-21: `package/atop: security bump to
   version
   2.11.1 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/45e7fe281160fe645e26ad58775aa5e384dbf222>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-21: `package/atop: bump to version
   2.12.0 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/5d2abdc66ca687c926e1c4546c12aca7f7d72ca4>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-22: `package/armadillo: bump to version
   15.0.3 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/af87b91b8f5bf6977cd205c5bacf2d6f020832a0>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-23: `DEVELOPERS: add Dario Binacchi for
   connman <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/5f63c441f8f23d09b14df79b2a28f27f905d7427>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-23: `package/connman: security bump to
   version
   1.45 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/f0b011e0aa497217385d9dc5af887757667281fe>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-24: `package/bc: bump to
   1.08.2 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/42d36a4133f2304d9cbaa7632ea794280095898a>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-24: `DEVELOPERS: add Dario Binacchi for
   bc <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/d2bd4655259299fded94727e94a4fa4389113202>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-25: `package/cutekeyboard: fix
   CUTEKEYBOARD_VERSION <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/14885464292df19e664d95ade46a0d13cf0d25c5>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-29: `package/empty: bump to version
   0.6.23d <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/f9dc76a06d29cae2a9cab3a1ed396e3b87d30282>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-29: `DEVELOPERS: add Dario Binacchi for
   empty <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/49974951907e9d115e556043efeae1334fddf90f>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-29: `package/enet: bump to version
   1.3.18 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/65c8f868e4d2da35164fa2905b73a0c3fe52ed0a>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-30: `package/evtest: bump version to
   1.36 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/03d413ee883f2415e2674bcc7219b3fd7586aff6>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-30: `package/erofs-utils: bump to
   version
   1.8.10 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/aa8d5d89f75753aba6e9fd9fa6802371cb3c4758>`__

This overview highlights the continuous effort and innovation from our
development team. We look forward to bringing even more exciting updates
in the future!

--------------

*Generated by the Git Commit Article Generator*
