Today 2026-01-02 Developments: A Look at Our Codebase (1 Months Review)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

We’re excited to share a summary of the significant progress made across
our repositories in the last 1 months. Our dedicated team has been busy
pushing new features, refining existing functionalities, and enhancing
the overall stability of our products.

Here’s a breakdown of key contributions by repository:

openembedded-core
-----------------

Repository URL: https://git.openembedded.org/openembedded-core

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Adam Duskett**: Adam Duskett updated the RPM selftests to use SHA256
keys due to the deprecation of SHA-1 signatures in RHEL9. This change
ensures compatibility with sequoia-compatible sha256 RSA4096 keys. The
new keys were added with the specified encryption parameters, and a
gpg.batch file was included for future key regeneration needs. This
update aligns Yocto with the latest security standards and best
practices, as outlined in Red Hat’s security advisories [1][2]. 1:
https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/rhel-security-sha-1-package-signatures-distrusted-rhel-9
2: https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/updating-gpg-keys-for-fedora-and-rhel

Here the commits of **Adam Duskett** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-12-03: `rpm selftests: use sha256
   keys <https://git.openembedded.org/openembedded-core/commit/?id=692919be1947b95a73b9655977396c4f65f811c4>`__

cutekeyboard
------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/cutekeyboard.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-1:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Andrea Ricchi**: Andrea Ricchi added Danish and Finnish layout
support. This enhancement enables users to utilize the application in
multiple languages, expanding the potential user base and improving
accessibility for international markets.

Here the commits of **Andrea Ricchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-12-04: `Add danish and finnish
   layout <https://github.com/amarula/cutekeyboard/commit/b7e30f1d7ae81325e56a5b4d2bcf927cc9b7bbe3>`__

git-analyzer
------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-2:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Dario Binacchi**: Dario Binacchi added the Trantor repository to the
config.ini file in the Amarula project. This change enables the Amarula
project to access and utilize the resources and dependencies provided by
the Trantor repository, enhancing the project’s functionality and
capabilities.

Here the commits of **Dario Binacchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-02: `amarula: config.ini: Add trantor
   repo <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/069e475a4f2fe7422c695f54d9d11e83394dd50f>`__

**Michael Trimarchi**: Michael Trimarchi added the
‘android-signing-plugin’ to the ‘config.ini’ in the ‘amarula’
repository. In the ‘ai_utils’ source code, the prompt was updated to
enhance professionalism. Changing the role to “Technical Lead”
emphasizes efficiency over politeness, aligning with the role
definition. By enforcing a standard changelog format and prohibiting the
use of adjectives describing effort, the model focuses solely on
code-related content. Additionally, the inclusion of the ‘git-collect’
Jenkins plugin enhances the project’s automation capabilities.

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-08: `Add git-collect jenkins
   plugin <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/27ec454d8bb95442d776e8865191ce720391015c>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-01-02: `src: ai_utils: Update the
   prompt to make it more
   professional <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/cf1e4cb218eaf3a91e778ece8cbdac8a480fe54e>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-01-02: `amarula: config.ini: Add
   android-signing-plugin <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/cf59420d22bb2c207fce94562753c7c7e680eeb3>`__

git-collect-plugin
------------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-3:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi**: Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi created a
Maven configuration file named maven.yml and added a build step for
packaging using Maven. This addition enables the project to be built and
packaged using Maven, streamlining the build process and ensuring
consistency in the project’s build outputs.

Here the commits of **Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi** on 2026-01-01: `Create
   maven.yml <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/9476d4177be5203660262b6828ec007919f44fdd>`__

**Michael Trimarchi**: Michael Trimarchi added a release workflow to the
.github directory. He fixed an issue by adding a default value for
CollectGitStep, allowing support for remotes different from “origin”.
Additionally, he enhanced the CollectGitStep to support SSH git,
including Gerrit, and added a repository browser to the SCM git object.
Michael also improved the plugin by adding forensic git support and
updating CollectGitStep to report changes to the Jenkins UI.

.. _here-the-commits-of-michael-trimarchi-in-detail-1:

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-06: `Add first revision of
   git-collect-plugin <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/4cfddfaae971d9ab8b5aede85545ba758d15dbc5>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-06: `Add LICENSE
   file <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/389e6377681dfcffa89e7f083f8cd651edba780d>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-06: `Add mimimal .gitignore
   file <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/2e2600d86bf37cc50605a8bbb526b8d8e3bf2b37>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-06: `Add .vscode plugin debug
   setup <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/64ed978d54d2db4522a326c3f5cba6f8d4b41f8f>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-06: `Fix how check if the directory
   is a valid git
   repository <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/567afe84498ff30c0529f5e105c39f5828b352d8>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-06: `README.md: Add an example how
   to get builddata from a
   markedCommit <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/972b9925eeb38373cb7937548c293423997b7536>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-06: `Add plugin
   icon <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/be98af9cc94048b0aa775d3ba05569d6413b1eba>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-06: `Add proper warning
   suppression <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/1558c5a3b0a46cd76cc7ea212a26858d29df7e90>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-07: `Add more splitting to the logic
   to allow more
   features <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/ef31bfc6d87d184cbb7242e800a55b595ca30b4c>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-07: `Add logging jenkins primitives
   instead of
   println <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/2fca0162a2012e50b07cd52d8bab47171d90d8d2>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-08: `Add changelog to the collected
   informations <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/b1bf6093bfd0276e6b2800c9e87639992e83a256>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-08: `GitScanner: Fix marked
   commit <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/1c6972b5246a56029e652e189fbd2193627ba639>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-08: `CollectGiStep: Fix removal of
   changelog in finally
   block <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/8ae7cbe8cbedee301ce4a97faf318b8c2c149fa6>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-08: `Update CollectGitStep to report
   changes to the Jenkins
   UI <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/bd2fa3ba1bc40065dbb47c6bd9fbef1c5afbb698>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-08: `CollectGitStep: Add forensic
   git
   support <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/eac454919ba7f42bbbe3d612e879be601f68be50>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-08: `Add Changelog
   example <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/2b042249fd4a7e93ca3aef343f6d062c90873316>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-08: `Add basic class
   documentation <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/755a21cd212438bae6441230cf7f58d9449b3d4c>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-09: `CollectGitStep: Drop unused
   imports <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/6017cc465d6660cdca5d354bcb1d88215f84aea7>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-09: `CollectGitStep: Clone previus
   buildData as reference for next
   build <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/7e699c940ec384011888298405dad84992e3ce77>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-09: `CollectGitStep: Add repository
   browser to the scm git
   object <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/2cce0f8ce6489b4e2f2c13311e7ea7744d7e6335>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-10: `CollectGitStep: Support ssh
   git, including
   gerrit <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/0e096d10a488686f5e78276cc0384d6e830b95cb>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-30: `feat: Support remote different
   from
   origin <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/c8fbd38f40c69e4856f4ed63056063790aedebcd>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-31: `fix: Add default value for
   CollectGitStep <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/0e569b5db46cbc7f76dd91e5be09d4b9babcaab7>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-01-01: `.github: Add release
   workflow <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/c3c33e6803887b6b8b9bf38533a0af005523fd94>`__

nlcpp
-----

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-4:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Roman Smrž**: Implemented bool conversion operators for Route and
RouteAddress classes to enhance code readability and simplify
conditional statements. This change allows for more intuitive handling
of route and route address objects, improving overall code
maintainability and reducing the risk of errors.

Here the commits of **Roman Smrž** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Roman Smrž** on 2025-12-10: `Add bool conversion operators for
   Route and
   RouteAddress <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/2bbec4525a8437709a985168cc39a22ae7c5bab5>`__

explain-error-plugin
--------------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/jenkinsci/explain-error-plugin

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-5:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi**: Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi fixed a
plugin log extraction failure, addressing issue #67. Additionally, JSON
Output was added for AI Responses, enhancing the system’s capabilities
and improving data handling for issue #64.

.. _here-the-commits-of-michael-nazzareno-trimarchi-in-detail-1:

Here the commits of **Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi** on 2025-12-21: `Add JSON Output for
   AI Responses
   (#64) <https://github.com/jenkinsci/explain-error-plugin/commit/9cccf8ca1cf95afc0e01feeec2e30b3c8509d31a>`__
-  **Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi** on 2025-12-21: `Fix plugin log
   extraction failure
   (#67) <https://github.com/jenkinsci/explain-error-plugin/commit/5b2011a0511ebc8b46c6573ce200c10661c1b054>`__

openid-plugin
-------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/jenkinsci/openid-plugin.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-6:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Michael Trimarchi**: Michael Trimarchi tested the Jenkins project with
Java 25 and Java 21 on ci.jenkins.io to prepare for future Java 25
support. The project intentionally continues to generate Java 17 byte
code as configured by the plugin parent pom. Testing confirmed that
automated tests pass with Java 25, leading to the decision to drop
support for Java 17 in the near future to focus on supporting Java 21
and Java 25 only.

.. _here-the-commits-of-michael-trimarchi-in-detail-2:

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-21: `Test with Java 25 and Java
   21 <https://github.com/jenkinsci/openid-plugin/commit/50f6d472ed07ba675c2f10bf6bdf4d5e7224d6a8>`__

android-signing-plugin
----------------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/jenkinsci/android-signing-plugin.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-7:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Michael Trimarchi**: Updated the code to move from FilePath to
Launcher.lunch executable for running on a docker instance, ensuring
proper command execution without relying on Jenkins components. This
change enhances the flexibility and independence of the testing process.
Additionally, tests were successfully conducted with Java 25 and Java 21
to align with the Jenkins project’s upcoming support for Java 25, while
intentionally maintaining Java 17 bytecode generation as per the plugin
parent pom configuration. This adjustment streamlines the testing
environment by focusing on supporting Java 21 and Java 25 exclusively,
preparing for the eventual discontinuation of Java 17 support.

.. _here-the-commits-of-michael-trimarchi-in-detail-3:

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-08-10: `Move from FilePath to
   Launcher.lunch
   executable <https://github.com/jenkinsci/android-signing-plugin/commit/83c8d539e24420f62b8204f54cb10c453b5844e0>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-12-21: `Test with Java 25 and Java
   21 <https://github.com/jenkinsci/android-signing-plugin/commit/310a3736a9fb459d65214c6bd1f93bb2c7acb20a>`__

buildroot
---------

Repository URL: https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-8:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Andrea Ricchi**: Andrea Ricchi updated the package/cutekeyboard
version to 1.5.0, aligning with the latest release on GitHub. This
change provides users with access to the new features and improvements
detailed in the change log.

.. _here-the-commits-of-andrea-ricchi-in-detail-1:

Here the commits of **Andrea Ricchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-11-19: `package/cutekeyboard: bump version
   to
   1.5.0 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/147236691d82b729f21abd7f6372e36736b5c703>`__

**Dario Binacchi**: Dario Binacchi updated the QT6BASE_CONF_OPTS
variable to correctly enable/disable the Vulkan feature during CMake
configuration. Dario Binacchi also bumped the babeltrace2 version to
2.1.2, eliminating the need to run autoreconf and updating license file
names. Additionally, Dario Binacchi ensured EMBIGGEN_DISK_VERSION
compliance with release-monitoring.org and updated various package
versions, including cmocka, armadillo, uuu, and pocketpy.

.. _here-the-commits-of-dario-binacchi-in-detail-1:

Here the commits of **Dario Binacchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-09: `package/qt6/qt6base: use correct
   QT6BASE_CONF_OPTS variable for
   Vulkan <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/451e735aa06b2bd986418118923ea7590a5b83a7>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-09-26: `package/embiggen-disk: fix
   EMBIGGEN_DISK_VERSION <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/9824b964a7db1a69885ddbfefc40663d591dc653>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-12-07: `package/babeltrace2: bump to
   version
   2.1.2 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/cea219e5180e7117a6002c4a784995c9dad48176>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-12-07: `package/armadillo: bump to version
   15.2.2 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/ae7b3344d422154095cfd7efd9d106f0c74fc6b9>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-12-08: `package/pocketpy: bump to version
   2.1.5 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/14f279184e85d44ecd71c797d09b53fa8c296214>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-12-08: `package/cmocka: bump to version
   2.0.0 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/856d88d9a079a5d874e984fec65a6f7456143267>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-12-29: `package/cmocka: bump to version
   2.0.1 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/259073938b149383c4c1e66bfe62e0616a0e8855>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-12-29: `package/pocketpy: bump to version
   2.1.6 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/dc9fc60ca12bad99183663f266c278540057f15e>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-12-29: `package/uuu: bump to version
   1.5.243 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/121a740ea7e7e19135b41f24ac539d37cb37b0cc>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-12-29: `package/armadillo: bump to version
   15.2.3 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/f223fe1057f344a903feeafab666bc7dc6121a86>`__

This overview highlights the continuous effort and innovation from our
development team. We look forward to bringing even more exciting updates
in the future!

--------------

*Generated by the Git Commit Article Generator*
