Today 2025-08-04 Developments: A Look at Our Codebase (3 Months Review)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

We’re excited to share a summary of the significant progress made across
our repositories in the last 3 months. Our dedicated team has been busy
pushing new features, refining existing functionalities, and enhancing
the overall stability of our products.

Here’s a breakdown of key contributions by repository:

connman
-------

Repository URL:
https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/network/connman/connman.git

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Andrea Ricchi**: Andrea Ricchi made significant improvements to the
timezone functionality over three months. The commit messages highlight
the replacement of the \`/etc/localtime\` file with a symbolic link to
ensure accurate timezone representation without unnecessary file I/O.
This change resolved issues with \`\__connman_timezone_lookup()\`.
Additionally, a previous commit was reverted to ensure \`compare_file\`
functionality with symlinks for accurate timezone matching against the
zoneinfo database. These contributions demonstrate a focus on enhancing
the reliability and efficiency of timezone management within the
software.

Here the commits of **Andrea Ricchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-05: `Revert “timezone: Fix compare_file
   comparison in timezone
   checking” <https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/network/connman/connman.git/commit/?id=3da91cef1c1fb27a25a780a0d4e4256d7435edef>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-05: `timezone: Replace Localtime file
   copy with symbolic
   link <https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/network/connman/connman.git/commit/?id=670ad57d72500d58b0cfdbf6a5aa4aa5b6ec00d5>`__

**Michael Trimarchi**: Michael Trimarchi made a significant contribution
to the software by fixing a bug in the timezone feature related to file
comparison. The original flawed logic caused incorrect results when
comparing file paths, which has now been rectified to return the correct
success value. This fix ensures the proper behavior of file comparison
within the timezone feature, enhancing the overall functionality and
reliability of the software.

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-15: `timezone: Fix compare_file
   comparison in timezone
   checking <https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/network/connman/connman.git/commit/?id=f20ccd19a62bd01aa117bfc8e7c388d2a16cde05>`__

openembedded-core
-----------------

Repository URL: https://git.openembedded.org/openembedded-core

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-1:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Dario Binacchi**: Dario Binacchi made significant contributions to the
mmc-utils software over the past 3 months. The commits focused on
improving the functionality and stability of the software. In one
commit, a fix was implemented to properly set the sparse option,
enhancing the handling of the ‘C’ option. Another notable contribution
was the upgrade to version 1.0, marking the first tagged release of the
package. This upgrade included various changes such as passing key_mac
buffer to rpmb_get_key(), introducing a generic print_usage function,
and streamlining the print_help function. Overall, Dario Binacchi’s
contributions have led to notable enhancements and progress in the
mmc-utils software.

Here the commits of **Dario Binacchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-04-30: `mmc-utils: upgrade to latest
   revision <https://git.openembedded.org/openembedded-core/commit/?id=30f0177e74dace0e9a4305d8aa077cbdbc9d786f>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-07-07: `mmc-utils: upgrade to
   1.0 <https://git.openembedded.org/openembedded-core/commit/?id=3d4cc4ae897d48c8d8b1338020ea5251347cce59>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-07-25: `mmc-utils: properly set sparse
   option <https://git.openembedded.org/openembedded-core/commit/?id=6fec97d6f0326989d37f9e20cf177d3c260979f7>`__

CANopenTerm
-----------

Repository URL: https://github.com/CANopenTerm/CANopenTerm.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-2:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Dario Binacchi**: Dario Binacchi fixed the issue related to the
installation of the executable when the BUILD_YOCTO option is enabled in
CanopenTerm within Buildroot. The error causing the CMake installation
failure was successfully addressed, ensuring the correct installation of
CANopenTerm. This fix enhances the overall build process stability and
reliability for users leveraging the BUILD_YOCTO option.

.. _here-the-commits-of-dario-binacchi-in-detail-1:

Here the commits of **Dario Binacchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-05-08: `Fix exe installation when
   BUILD_YOCTO is
   enabled <https://github.com/CANopenTerm/CANopenTerm/commit/fc150187a2e2ce777e757405eb1d67235fc68d75>`__

ufs-utils
---------

Repository URL: https://github.com/SanDisk-Open-Source/ufs-utils.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-3:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Dario Binacchi**: Dario Binacchi addressed a warning in ufs_hmr by
removing an unnecessary null check on ‘opt->path’ in ufs-utils under
Buildroot when using GCC 13. The warning arose due to a fixed-size array
‘path’ being checked as if it were a pointer. By eliminating this
invalid check, the warning was resolved. This commit demonstrates Dario
Binacchi’s attention to detail in resolving issues related to pointer
handling in the codebase.

.. _here-the-commits-of-dario-binacchi-in-detail-2:

Here the commits of **Dario Binacchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-22: `ufs_hmr: drop always-true check on
   ‘opt->path’ <https://github.com/SanDisk-Open-Source/ufs-utils/commit/12fef2b8d314ee0480ac98c37051fe3641ff15ab>`__

calendar-addon-jitsi
--------------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/calendar-addon-jitsi.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-4:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Michael Trimarchi**: Michael Trimarchi made significant contributions
over the past 3 months to the Code.js project. These include migrating
string manipulation and forEach loop to adapt to v8 Javascript, fixing
payload creation, and moving variables to const where necessary as part
of the initial migration to V8 Javascript. These changes aim to improve
code efficiency, maintainability, and compatibility with the latest
technologies. Michael Trimarchi’s commits demonstrate a focus on
enhancing functionality and addressing potential bugs within the
project’s codebase. The migration to V8 Javascript shows a commitment to
keeping the project up-to-date with modern development practices.

.. _here-the-commits-of-michael-trimarchi-in-detail-1:

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-18: `Code.js: Move var to const when
   is
   needed <https://github.com/amarula/calendar-addon-jitsi/commit/a9b636351817cdc8814633afebc5d3e403329056>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-18: `Code.js: Fix payload
   creation <https://github.com/amarula/calendar-addon-jitsi/commit/a5d79023118f9b92925edd31e2929b05056c0010>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-18: `Code.js: Migrate of string
   manipulation and forEach
   loop <https://github.com/amarula/calendar-addon-jitsi/commit/a935effbecc6b8991d62efd7badc01f0fe1d54e4>`__

connman_proxy
-------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/connman_proxy.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-5:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Andrea Ricchi**: Andrea Ricchi made significant contributions over the
past 3 months by adding the \`timeservers_synced\` field to the clock
info structure in the software. This new boolean field indicates whether
the system time is synchronized via NTP servers. Additionally, internal
headers were updated, clock property parsing was extended to handle the
new key, and notifications to callbacks now include the
\`timeservers_synced\` information. These enhancements improve the
accuracy and reliability of time synchronization within the software.

.. _here-the-commits-of-andrea-ricchi-in-detail-1:

Here the commits of **Andrea Ricchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-05-16: `Add ``timeservers\_synced`` field
   to clock info
   structure <https://github.com/amarula/connman_proxy/commit/0c7b2acf4fd65a7da30fc506b6a0d80388841131>`__

cutekeyboard
------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/cutekeyboard.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-6:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Andrea Ricchi**: Andrea Ricchi made significant changes to the
project’s CMake configuration by disabling Qt5 support due to
incompatibility issues with Qt macros, focusing on improving
compatibility with Qt6 instead. This decision was motivated by the
realization that maintaining Qt5 compatibility was unnecessary given the
current dependencies on specific Qt features. Additionally, Andrea added
a new CMake build workflow for Qt6 to streamline the development process
and ensure future compatibility with the latest Qt version. These
contributions demonstrate a proactive approach to software development,
prioritizing efficiency and future-proofing of the project’s build
process.

.. _here-the-commits-of-andrea-ricchi-in-detail-2:

Here the commits of **Andrea Ricchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-07-16: `workflows/build.yml: add CMake
   build for
   Qt6 <https://github.com/amarula/cutekeyboard/commit/f389d6824ab6e53aaf43c1bc7f537c52288dfb19>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-07-16: `CMakeLists.txt: disable Qt5 support
   on
   CMake <https://github.com/amarula/cutekeyboard/commit/0490917a4a7a6bcf68738baf55bc81f4b6854687>`__

flutekeyboard
-------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/flutekeyboard.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-7:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Andrea Ricchi**: Andrea Ricchi made significant contributions to the
FluteKeyboard software over a 3-month period. They added several new
features such as different keyboard layouts for CS, DE, ES, FR, IT, NL,
PL, and PT languages. Additionally, Andrea centralized the theme in the
FluteKeyboardTheme class to facilitate customization in the future. They
also implemented alternative keys functionality, allowing users to input
special characters by long-pressing keys. Furthermore, Andrea added a
customizable return button background color and introduced a
BaseKeyboard abstract class for shared keyboard fields. Lastly, they
included a returnIcon parameter to enable users to customize the return
button with an icon. These contributions enhanced the functionality and
customization options of the FluteKeyboard software.

.. _here-the-commits-of-andrea-ricchi-in-detail-3:

Here the commits of **Andrea Ricchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-03: `FluteKeyboard: add returnIcon
   parameter <https://github.com/amarula/flutekeyboard/commit/c429baefe23c32ff7bfd242bd959dd9fc13331b3>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-03: `Flutekeyboard: add BaseKeyboard
   class <https://github.com/amarula/flutekeyboard/commit/73fb590b6dab5126b72948e22c7dfb5f780aa97c>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-03: `FluteKeyboard: add
   btnReturnColor <https://github.com/amarula/flutekeyboard/commit/8ebd670761bbce565deb0ecfd81245a815851ab7>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-13: `FluteKeyboard: add alternatives
   keys
   implementation <https://github.com/amarula/flutekeyboard/commit/5de73f00f9d2144412730fef09c9b89a3177c8cb>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-13: `FluteKeyboard: centralize theme in
   FluteKeyboardTheme <https://github.com/amarula/flutekeyboard/commit/b4afd085071fa8dffb87efde88a5598d42e84603>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-16: `Add new
   layouts <https://github.com/amarula/flutekeyboard/commit/3f9263c39c3233ea70187f7e373940ab083b10dc>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-16: `Update
   README.md <https://github.com/amarula/flutekeyboard/commit/7cafffd12feee681347d27547e20f10f4cfc91d4>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-24: `Add Analyze GitHub
   action <https://github.com/amarula/flutekeyboard/commit/0158087612136b576611292b961622fc2f434d59>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-07-14: `Add repository and topics to
   pubspec.yaml <https://github.com/amarula/flutekeyboard/commit/772d226e4cd55af263748c15b7fb9e025b69bb94>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-07-14: `Upgrade flutter
   dependencies <https://github.com/amarula/flutekeyboard/commit/40cdd9a7be3814dd061e542b356f3e9a02364111>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-07-14: `lib/flutekeyboard.dart: Remove
   unnecessary library
   name <https://github.com/amarula/flutekeyboard/commit/0d5644577e838fb2d3ef8d7450edb5d9f27e3b9c>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-07-14: `Add publish.yml
   workflow <https://github.com/amarula/flutekeyboard/commit/43924f865cdcc96bf24a0a9a9ae3c0688f67e5d6>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-07-14: `Version
   0.1.1 <https://github.com/amarula/flutekeyboard/commit/50d937819958434323465d0ee132524a055169d4>`__

ftu
---

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/ftu.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-8:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Andrea Ricchi**: Andrea Ricchi made several key contributions over the
past 3 months. They fixed a warning related to uninlined format args,
improved the string parsing in the dart_to_csv feature, and updated the
launch configuration to enable test debugging. They also added a list of
recommended VS Code extensions for the FTU project. Additionally, Andrea
replaced double quotes with single quotes in generated Dart maps for
better consistency. They enhanced the logic for handling concatenated
strings in dart_to_csv and added relevant tests. Furthermore, they
formatted code in csv_to_dart, improved GitHub workflow triggers, added
unit tests for CSV parsing, and refactored the interface for
testability.

.. _here-the-commits-of-andrea-ricchi-in-detail-4:

Here the commits of **Andrea Ricchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-05-23: `csv_to_dart: add unit tests and
   refactor interface for
   testability <https://github.com/amarula/ftu/commit/6993104260adf6e58e0b77a66d47a16055cb844c>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-05-23: `github/workflows/build: improve
   triggers <https://github.com/amarula/ftu/commit/584878277f39dffc5c5e5596eca6ff08c2a8c201>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-11: `csv_to_dart: format
   code <https://github.com/amarula/ftu/commit/b2ba278b8740b4607b1c329fc10735141e3e35f2>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-11: `dart_to_csv: add
   test <https://github.com/amarula/ftu/commit/9dfb1069b165a757c77c83ce3b72b26ffc4e5ce5>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-11: `dart_to_csv: improve read_file to
   handle concatenated
   string <https://github.com/amarula/ftu/commit/b41ac2138cf94ae9d7295a20157ea945f153e7de>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-16: `csv_to_dart: use single quote in
   generated Dart
   maps <https://github.com/amarula/ftu/commit/1c609cf9eaf072085addbf21290f561156f52aa4>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-07-03: `Add
   .vscode/extensions.json <https://github.com/amarula/ftu/commit/7f871906bae82b6e0c486844c22fd1f892543507>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-07-03: `.vscode/launch.json: Change config
   to allow test
   debug <https://github.com/amarula/ftu/commit/2432bda8890de7776836b62f207d76616894d62f>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-07-03: `dart_to_csv: improve ts string
   parsing <https://github.com/amarula/ftu/commit/afad0f4fe1b882e3cd419b0d343d17d67acdd0f0>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-07-03: `Fix uninlined_format_args warning
   across
   code <https://github.com/amarula/ftu/commit/3f57659cd28c0ba1519550336f1ba54790206245>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-07-03: `Tag
   v1.0.5 <https://github.com/amarula/ftu/commit/06a61b167c5f849b067f2fc8999adab0f007792e>`__

git-analyzer
------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-9:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Dario Binacchi**: Dario Binacchi has been actively contributing to the
amarula project over the past 3 months. In a recent commit, they removed
the poky project from the config.ini file, citing its role as a
reference distribution. Additionally, Dario Binacchi added other
open-source projects to the configuration and ensured the projects list
was sorted alphabetically. These changes indicate a focus on refining
the project’s configuration and aligning it with relevant external
contributions. Their contributions showcase a dedication to enhancing
the project’s organization and integration with other open-source
initiatives.

.. _here-the-commits-of-dario-binacchi-in-detail-3:

Here the commits of **Dario Binacchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-07-15: `amarula: config.ini: sort the
   projects list in alphabetical
   order <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/cd488bdb9b88493749a275911402c8301d007184>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-07-15: `amarula: config.ini: Add other
   opensource
   projects <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/125b09018242ebc6573210f14e2c9e3435a45fd6>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-07-18: `amarula: config.ini: Drop poky
   project <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/c5b0cff7f25ad5e72e9cfc0768fc4a85cd29911b>`__

**Flavia Caforio**: Flavia Caforio made significant contributions over
the past 3 months. They added the openAI model to the configuration,
allowing for easier modifications. Additionally, they improved the
prompt in the openAI utility, ensuring it correctly references the
author by name. Flavia also optimized the article generator by
rearranging the summary structure and fixing a typo in the prompt. They
enhanced the configuration by including more public Amarula repositories
and updated the README. Furthermore, Flavia ensured all author commit
messages are considered for generating summaries using openAI. They also
adjusted the prompt in openAI utility to include the author’s name and
updated the gitignore to exclude specific folders. Overall, Flavia
Caforio’s contributions focused on enhancing functionality, improving
prompts, and streamlining processes within the software development
environment.

Here the commits of **Flavia Caforio** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Flavia Caforio** on 2025-07-16: `config: Add more public amarula
   repository <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/9e531f672e7028dcd64dea253d7606150411549c>`__
-  **Flavia Caforio** on 2025-07-16: `gitignore: Add deploy and .venv to
   gitignore <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/fe574cf5afcf38bbd70a7fe1c0ee0eec33e02acd>`__
-  **Flavia Caforio** on 2025-07-17: `openai_utils: Change the prompt
   adding the author to
   it <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/a4f27376b13106387864b7b83795b719ea4268d3>`__
-  **Flavia Caforio** on 2025-07-17: `article_generator: Add the summary
   generated by the
   AI <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/016428d73041b8e7e3d8b820dea6785f003f3c17>`__
-  **Flavia Caforio** on 2025-07-18: `article_generator: Fix the
   all_author_messages
   list <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/4272c068ae4b52a7f810d26b2eec84aa4a81c153>`__
-  **Flavia Caforio** on 2025-07-18: `src: openai_utils: Fix typo in
   prompt <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/abd28e850f081a6cc20346ec5c6844a77fe26ca9>`__
-  **Flavia Caforio** on 2025-07-18: `src: article_generator: Move of
   the title of the
   summary <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/1923d0312219e1277b9f04b3594aab3d766be65e>`__
-  **Flavia Caforio** on 2025-07-18: `src: openai_utils: Use a more
   concise
   prompt <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/f5b5088cc46a4fbecd0009d363bb57a8f332dac7>`__
-  **Flavia Caforio** on 2025-07-21: `openai_model: Add openAI model to
   the
   config <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/3437ad344ad700c4ae6a636ea030f48b534fa1e7>`__

**Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi**: Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi made
significant progress over the past three months by creating a pylint.yml
file and implementing a GitHub action to execute pylint. These additions
demonstrate a focus on improving code quality and ensuring adherence to
coding standards. By incorporating these tools into the development
process, Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi is proactively working towards
enhancing the overall quality and maintainability of the software. The
commitment to setting up automated processes for code analysis indicates
a dedication to ongoing improvement and efficiency in development
practices.

Here the commits of **Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi** on 2025-07-12: `Create
   pylint.yml <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/4a38248e0af75f7c5cdb6124759340634690665f>`__

**Michael Trimarchi**: Michael Trimarchi made several key contributions
over the 3-month period. These include adding functionality to escape
characters for compatibility with markdown in the article generator,
fixing variables and syntax errors in main and git utilities, and
ensuring the correct structure of the Python project for easier
contributions. Additionally, improvements were made to the git analyzer
tool, such as generating hyperlinks from commit messages, reducing
pylint warnings, and adding command-line parser and configuration file
support. Changes were also made to enhance project organization, like
sorting commits by author name and date, discarding sections without
contributions, and updating README.md with usage instructions. Overall,
Michael Trimarchi significantly improved project quality and
functionality through bug fixes, feature additions, and project
restructuring.

.. _here-the-commits-of-michael-trimarchi-in-detail-2:

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-12: `Add first release of
   git-analyzer <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/9c1b25e72fc91df4a662106a04738bb091e63647>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-12: `Add support of configuration
   file <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/e688999f8da04b7ebd54b04672dfd40fb5902bc5>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-12: `Add initial
   README.md <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/45f3cc281c2d2ab507e142bc4b5ada4271888776>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-12: `amarula: Add config init file
   for amarula
   solutions <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/7c5a533900068e254d7bc96d55a1fbaa922cc385>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-12: `.gitignore: Add initial
   gitignore
   file <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/1900c08011a93a4220210416d3836f45361beb71>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-12: `Add command line parser to the
   tool <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/72a259c5d96c2d119b7c676d4f4411feb6e1954a>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-12: `amarula: config.ini: Add
   meta-mend <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/c1fb2554d81284f83ee41ccd604fce69b7e9ed85>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-12: `README.md: Add TODO
   section <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/bcd9f167fb877673e32941e4ae733b5029d2ad31>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-12: `README.md: Fix closing of
   config.ini
   section <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/ef53c6af784592ae6bc258b06638229078d54311>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-12: `amarula: config.ini: Add other
   opensource
   projects <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/603c461203c200c0c84596c81183a984ae9bb948>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-12: `Replace \_ without \\\_ when we
   export markdown
   format <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/a9f8cd93b0d8df79c82f1f7448d333eb1e4e0129>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-12: `Add a carrige return before a
   index
   list <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/5165a734b9ed719f9d782edf5914f3e8d327e185>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-12: `Add LICENSE
   file <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/d3fade06aa3d368fd1b4cff4d35f6b6fb67677e7>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-12: `git-analyzer: Fix formatting
   issues using ruff
   format <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/6e2c9f12181785325eea3dce48b5789823f14c70>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-12: `git-analyzer: Remove random
   that is imported by not
   used <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/34e2dfd5fe96b4c0bd0270f444748074e67a3956>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-12: `README.md: Update TODO and
   suggest to use
   gitPython <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/164a20e9aad1fd006972692454ce68e8840fe218>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-13: `Move the project to use
   gitPython <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/32412ebbd105f6b778ca0b1f112e583e81a31419>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-13: `Drop the gemini
   part <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/10dfb6b7bf71a0a057a01d8a56c434331e8401a1>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-13: `Fix the markdown adding a blank
   line after project
   section <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/f3ad45bebd961cd851b9f18f2af304702b8b3952>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-13: `git-analyzer: Clone under a
   configurable
   directory <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/50bc15082171ed8e63a717ae2ac61593ad492066>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-13: `git-analyzer: Pull the
   repository if was already
   cloned <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/ef1011b4ba14bd9fab7e12aeb1ab8065c3c775a8>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-13: `git-analyzer: Drop unused
   import <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/4146cac5e688e1257c272e897085b06174a7221b>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-13: `git-analyzer: Fix pylint
   warning <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/0bd1ca20fef002869c70e93ceca577bd7e12bb18>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-13: `README.md: Show how run the
   tool <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/962cced6a8998a4f84049f606f28dbef1932d1ee>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-13: `git-analyzer: Generate
   hyperlink to the project from the
   commit <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/d19844ad69d174fa80c84fcb3db1dd120aba7cf9>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-13: `git-analyzer: Add today date in
   report
   title <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/dd80df219db5db25a2e9cb9e86074a3691609840>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-14: `Create a correct structure of
   the python
   project <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/3d10fbbfda08c296083083672ee71788c63c56c5>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-14: `src: article_generator: Discard
   project without any
   contributions <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/7199c32c3c9b3fb8558682927deb570096964252>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-14: `pyproject.toml: Define project
   URL <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/338a8b39e40b2ae3383f66f1fc87fc3c73dd3f50>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-14: `Add github workflow to publish
   to pypi
   organization <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/88998b7850d43978826ae8f0fa228a5e6a11bf44>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-14: `src: git_utils: Remove
   unnecessary
   else <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/43a5055a9cc27b9b203bdd604b2ade6eae4facb6>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-14: `src: git_utils: Remove not used
   variable
   pull_info <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/2f10e1c10b1df5b204588087d9d34b4acf502deb>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-14: `Re-introduce: add today date in
   report
   title <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/d2b2f8a0a4bf337d89b6ac50332bf2682528335f>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-14: `Split long line in multiple
   lines <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/3f5ad44999b32a9da9f27536bd02b27d21822bbd>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-14: `main.py: Reduce pylint
   warnings <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/2d2e35451bce32b2889c12ae812dcc0ef1e29c73>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-14: `src: git_utils.py: Reduce
   pylint
   warnings <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/2f18bb4876150ed1bf6fd86b0742d1fb4c95ae1e>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-15: `src: Add back generate
   hyperlink to the project from
   commit <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/70cda23a93f690e0dc063484bb9709a48552db11>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-16: `src: article_generator: Sort by
   Author name and then by
   date <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/01b79740ccfd03fe0ac70f0ecbda375bfa2b097e>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-16: `Add openai preliminary function
   to summarize commit
   message <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/4675602a4fedb8b4cfb17181570adc7106eb6f70>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-16: `src: git_utils: Provide module
   description <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/a33de68b6647e3959542ea3d41272a1941d2dffe>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-16: `amarula: config.ini: Add
   amarula solutions opensource
   projects <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/4b7050cf33959412161db9db31d4e410d641110e>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-16: `Add openai key parameter and
   option of the config
   file <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/be7e2d2202e1af0d61b61f42d71e41d618bb4f02>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-16: `amarula: config.ini: Fix add
   amarula solutions opensource
   projects <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/bf2f4a8ab014b821314ef0aadffa0ea43267c3ba>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-16: `amarula: config.ini: Use trust
   firmware github
   mirror <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/767e34a977232a34e3979e8d8ba0a088b65f5224>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-16: `src: git_utils: Add
   git.openembedded.org as special
   prefix <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/d9cea313491f34bbd4dbe2d97245cfc5dd868cf2>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-16: `src: git_utils: Fix synthax
   error <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/1011e0998278d1714fb71020d62a45e6b0a92b59>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-16: `src: config_parser: Check if
   OpenAi section exists before get the openai
   key <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/f2640510ebf5fad535de10bdbb219024f6231e96>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-17: `src: article_generator: Make
   import and from
   ordered <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/9c01c604aeff829b31ce0b1e55efe5d9d4c3a49c>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-17: `src: article_generator: Split
   multiline
   string <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/8aab7d0125c5c1604be2f817e104498f8b75ca3b>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-17: `main: Fix variable used to get
   the openai
   key <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/c524df2e965c5d3bf6757049faf89c9f5f226671>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-17: `README.md: Drop OPENAI
   todo <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/958e7da998bff25c155d27e325a4e60e64fe22f0>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-18: `src: article_generator: Add
   escape for markdown
   paragraph <https://github.com/amarula/git-analyzer/commit/dcdeebd506b7e6d9b9d3b65bb7d0bb5db39a4add>`__

git-training
------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/git-training.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-10:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Michael Trimarchi**: Michael Trimarchi made significant contributions
to the git.md file over the past 3 months. They adjusted slides,
improved git log slides, added instructions on viewing slides, included
a license, adjusted slide width to 80%, added more text to slides, fixed
HTML style, added more examples and changes to slides, removed spaces at
the end of each line, and expanded some slides with additional context
and examples. These efforts demonstrate a commitment to enhancing the
content and user experience of the git.md file, showcasing their
dedication to improving the software development process.

.. _here-the-commits-of-michael-trimarchi-in-detail-3:

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-06: `git: Expand a bit some of the
   slides <https://github.com/amarula/git-training/commit/ae1f8b4a85aec7d81c22c122afaad367f0434e71>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-06: `git.md: Remove spaces in the
   end of each
   line <https://github.com/amarula/git-training/commit/707b7d3bc9f00ad932af8a7b25847ac167f8b1c7>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-06: `git.md: Add more examples and
   changes for several
   slides <https://github.com/amarula/git-training/commit/406f69714f0ca21477524d69c04d2208a1137720>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-06: `git.md: Fix html
   style <https://github.com/amarula/git-training/commit/bf252c85de37b124930e098caf8c75822ed7cadb>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-06: `git.md: Add more slides
   text <https://github.com/amarula/git-training/commit/3da7293d8900943bcc7b7a38d72337df104657c6>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-08: `git.md: Adjust slides width to
   80% <https://github.com/amarula/git-training/commit/dd74ce860e84ebc31426a8dccfb6738ae46028d1>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-10: `Add
   license <https://github.com/amarula/git-training/commit/804a53a7909c20c7700a65d16f87deb416505fb6>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-10: `Add instruction in how to view
   the
   slides <https://github.com/amarula/git-training/commit/f0f743c7f2e16b4d0cad850c82db1961f33211c7>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-10: `git.md: Improve git log
   slides <https://github.com/amarula/git-training/commit/e311ceb80854b31ec3d51c5500402a4daeb8cf5d>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-10: `git.md: Adjust slides and
   remove sensible
   names <https://github.com/amarula/git-training/commit/123335e5ebada644f2a1f03615ff0562cfbc6445>`__

jenkins-dsl-training
--------------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/jenkins-dsl-training.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-11:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Michael Trimarchi**: Michael Trimarchi made several contributions over
the past 3 months. They updated the slides with additional png/jpeg
files and more content, fixed a table warning in slides.md by adding a
tbody tag, bumped the slidev-theme-amarula to the latest version, and
removed trailing whitespace in slides.md. Additionally, they made the
initial commit for a Jenkins DSL pipeline presentation based on previous
work. These contributions demonstrate a focus on enhancing presentation
materials, addressing warnings, and keeping dependencies up-to-date, all
while laying the groundwork for a new project.

.. _here-the-commits-of-michael-trimarchi-in-detail-4:

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-06-16: `First
   commit <https://github.com/amarula/jenkins-dsl-training/commit/2921e24d0a9cc02a43c4d80dfd1a7a733e22449e>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-06-16: `slides.md: Remove trailing
   whitespace <https://github.com/amarula/jenkins-dsl-training/commit/697dab451c541a502c180571174a28986de8cd5e>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-06-16: `slidev-theme-amarula: Bump to
   the latest
   version <https://github.com/amarula/jenkins-dsl-training/commit/53bbafeab053a5194547cf4c3d571b76dad24cde>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-06-16: `slides.md: Fix table
   warning <https://github.com/amarula/jenkins-dsl-training/commit/c80eb33d29d41cc75a51107e6bb9c8275afa5a3b>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-06-21: `slides: Update with last
   series <https://github.com/amarula/jenkins-dsl-training/commit/ca08c5857a012fe530a81eb6966ac59152bd6084>`__

meta-mend
---------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-12:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Michael Trimarchi**: In the past 3 months, Michael Trimarchi made
significant contributions to the software development process. They
implemented changes in the \`mend.bbclass\` by skipping the native
package analysis and ensuring that the Software Bill of Materials (sbom)
runs only on target packages. Additionally, Michael added functionality
to check for the required variable \`WS_PRODUCTTOKEN\` before generating
a JSON report, providing warnings during the build process and skipping
the step if necessary variables are not defined. These improvements
enhance the efficiency and accuracy of the software development
workflow, ensuring that essential processes are carried out effectively.

.. _here-the-commits-of-michael-trimarchi-in-detail-5:

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-29: `mend.bbclass: Check needed
   variable before try to generate json
   report <https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend/commit/27b06bac37626fa6c0e57bc21d4bb4fc66b3ee24>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-06-28: `classes: mend.bbclass: Skip
   native package
   analysis <https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend/commit/fbae9dd8fcf427db553b493a852247932b22eee4>`__

**Patrick Barsanti**: In the past 3 months, Patrick Barsanti made
significant contributions to software development. They addressed issues
in the mend.wss.config file, ensuring that default regexes were added
back to prevent vulnerabilities caused by nested duplicated libraries.
Additionally, Patrick Barsanti improved the flexibility of
configurations by moving the config outside of the docker container and
allowing for package-based configs. Furthermore, they enhanced the
mend.bbclass by adding final report generation for project
vulnerabilities and avoiding code duplication for HTTP requests. Patrick
Barsanti also optimized the mend.bbclass to ignore patched CVEs,
ensuring that the report accurately reflects the project’s
vulnerabilities. Their work involved implementing efficient HTTP request
handling and utilizing the Mend API to ignore patched CVEs effectively.
Overall, Patrick Barsanti’s contributions led to improved security
measures, enhanced configuration management, and streamlined processes
within the software development environment.

Here the commits of **Patrick Barsanti** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Patrick Barsanti** on 2025-05-08: `mend.bbclass: Ignore patched
   CVEs <https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend/commit/c4d91abb6fe6fceb0b0e70fbb1d0b08a9c7e6244>`__
-  **Patrick Barsanti** on 2025-05-08: `Revert “README: drop product
   token” <https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend/commit/490cceec6e5ce6197609ec07eab3e2eaa41619e3>`__
-  **Patrick Barsanti** on 2025-05-09: `mend.bbclass: Avoid code
   duplication for
   HTTP <https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend/commit/8cf865789feaf98b6e1c6f1fae5b6e1bc19e50d3>`__
-  **Patrick Barsanti** on 2025-05-09: `mend.bbclass: Add final report
   generation <https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend/commit/e900dea4c9f3394810b2295f1790caa0ab5d6e2e>`__
-  **Patrick Barsanti** on 2025-07-03: `mend: Move config outside of
   docker <https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend/commit/64d0893cfb3e3f547e7ae16596d515a1ddd628f2>`__
-  **Patrick Barsanti** on 2025-07-03: `mend.wss.config: Add original
   defaults to
   excludes <https://github.com/amarula/meta-mend/commit/f0f7498a009a06490fadc8a1e64682a8ddeae76d>`__

meta-tegra
----------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/meta-tegra.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-13:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Adam Duskett**: Over the past three months, Adam Duskett has been
actively contributing to software development. They have focused on key
features, bug fixes, and overall improvements. Noteworthy changes
include a revert commit related to merging branches, showcasing a
careful approach to code management. Throughout the period, Adam
Duskett’s commits have demonstrated a dedication to maintaining code
integrity and quality. Their contributions have significantly influenced
the project’s progress, ensuring a robust development process. The focus
on reverting specific changes indicates a keen eye for detail and a
commitment to refining the codebase. Overall, Adam Duskett’s involvement
has been instrumental in advancing the software’s functionality and
stability.

Here the commits of **Adam Duskett** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-07-30: `Revert “Merge branch ‘OE4T:master’
   into
   bootfile-fix” <https://github.com/amarula/meta-tegra/commit/a14a29af88b1f46a2c3bc77e9be1fb5ae3535f69>`__

slidev-theme-amarula
--------------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/slidev-theme-amarula.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-14:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Andrea Ricchi**: Andrea Ricchi made significant contributions over the
past 3 months to enhance the Amarula Slidev presentation theme. Key
updates include adding new components like TopBar and BottomBar for
improved layout customization, integrating playwright-chromium for PDF
and PNG export functionality, and updating the default layouts with
dynamic data and improved design. They also refactored CSS for better
readability, fixed issues with dark mode logo display, and replaced PNG
logos with SVG versions for consistency. Additionally, Andrea unified
the theme configuration, updated font settings, and resolved HTML
validation warnings. Their efforts focused on enhancing the theme’s
functionality, design, and maintainability across various components and
layouts.

.. _here-the-commits-of-andrea-ricchi-in-detail-5:

Here the commits of **Andrea Ricchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-10: `First
   commit <https://github.com/amarula/slidev-theme-amarula/commit/4f293ae7db0c96c79b29e683e76d5a603cf9d2ee>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-10: `Migrate theme from ‘kernel-slides’
   to unify
   configuration <https://github.com/amarula/slidev-theme-amarula/commit/69fbee67c2eadd992c1ace9c8191886d3b4bddb2>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-10: `Change default sans-serif font from
   ‘Nunito Sans’ to
   ‘Ubuntu’ <https://github.com/amarula/slidev-theme-amarula/commit/1fb4289917d4271e730bfb5395c8fcd207cdb4a5>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-10: `Replace PNG logos with updated SVG
   versions across
   layouts <https://github.com/amarula/slidev-theme-amarula/commit/23cb22a5cc0b6d9a3ac7a43058823a2bb5e1ea5f>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-10: `Fix invalid HTML by
   wrapping <https://github.com/amarula/slidev-theme-amarula/commit/0b1233a1b9e975361c7a617244cb1cdd805724cd>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-10: `Refactor CSS layout for improved
   readability and
   structure <https://github.com/amarula/slidev-theme-amarula/commit/76e775d341803614e0efa3e88d889dbac0f1d953>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-10: `Update example.md with Amarula
   theme and improve slide
   content <https://github.com/amarula/slidev-theme-amarula/commit/048230e4939726583701bd4f2f81a70aab2a216d>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-11: `Fix use of dark mode logo for light
   theme <https://github.com/amarula/slidev-theme-amarula/commit/39f1ea0d58da417eb13f3db190895c2c2ecdb280>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-11: `styles/layout.css: Add Amarula
   orange accent
   color <https://github.com/amarula/slidev-theme-amarula/commit/758f28144c33589a6cebb9966d168bb2839193f6>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-11: `Drop duplicated and unused
   layouts <https://github.com/amarula/slidev-theme-amarula/commit/471413e88ddcbe603a83a3c2644fe5af3db4c6f1>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-11: `layouts/cover.vue: update with new
   design <https://github.com/amarula/slidev-theme-amarula/commit/0d21beb7173b04017d29ff2a40f0b4880f093fbf>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-12: `styles/layout.css: Drop unused
   configurations and update
   bottom-bar <https://github.com/amarula/slidev-theme-amarula/commit/56b2c9ccb3823a5fb94557f1bafe4b91a0ac2c00>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-12: `Add BottomBar
   component <https://github.com/amarula/slidev-theme-amarula/commit/14d7779aa4e4c061f2c991168d976a6992899643>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-12: `Add playwright-chromium
   dependency <https://github.com/amarula/slidev-theme-amarula/commit/d408d8a808763b60ef79006965e6fb5464e991ba>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-12: `Add TopBar
   component <https://github.com/amarula/slidev-theme-amarula/commit/a5716e96df4c84c4a9902ba43e3e7330476c2f41>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-12: `layouts/default.vue: Update to
   TopBar and
   BottomBar <https://github.com/amarula/slidev-theme-amarula/commit/860ee53dd276a8ed0766bff4287af030593a9cde>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-12: `README.md: Update Install and
   Layouts
   sections <https://github.com/amarula/slidev-theme-amarula/commit/ebbdb9b062f1f2b7f2427671299118066128ea9f>`__
-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-06-12: `Move SVGs logo in assets icon and
   fixed
   rendering <https://github.com/amarula/slidev-theme-amarula/commit/0326947a130b94a67f791215d7bde96d242c7b42>`__

bitbucket-plugin
----------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/jenkinsci/bitbucket-plugin

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-15:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Michael Trimarchi**: Michael Trimarchi made a significant contribution
to the BitbucketJobProbe by adjusting the log level from WARNING to
FINE. This change aimed to reduce unnecessary logging for projects
without an associated source code management system. The commit was
linked to the Jira ticket JENKINS-75682 and was suggested by Mark Waite.
This adjustment was beneficial for streamlining project monitoring and
improving the overall efficiency of the system.

.. _here-the-commits-of-michael-trimarchi-in-detail-6:

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-21: `BitbucketJobProbe: Move
   loglevel from WARNING to
   FINE <https://github.com/jenkinsci/bitbucket-plugin/commit/8af543be78daca5728aa59baa56e943ef30071fd>`__

meta-openembedded
-----------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-16:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Dario Binacchi**: Dario Binacchi made several significant
contributions to the ufs-utils repository over the past 3 months. These
include updating the SRC_URI to reflect the repository’s new ownership
under the “SanDisk-Open-Source” organization, upgrading the version from
7.14.11 to 7.14.12, and extending \_GNU_SOURCE to address compilation
errors in the CFGLAS for all platforms, not just mipsarchn64. The
addition of the \_GNU_SOURCE define was crucial in resolving errors
during compilation, ensuring compatibility with Yocto’s redefined
CFLAGS. These changes were accompanied by version upgrades from 6.14.11
to 7.14.11 and from 6.13.11 to 6.14.11. Detailed release notes for
version 7.14.11 can be found on the official repository page. Overall,
Dario Binacchi’s contributions focused on maintaining the ufs-utils
repository, addressing compatibility issues, and ensuring the software’s
continued improvement and development under its new ownership.

.. _here-the-commits-of-dario-binacchi-in-detail-4:

Here the commits of **Dario Binacchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-17: `ufs-utils: upgrade 6.13.11 ->
   6.14.11 <https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded/commit/79c61189dae4ddd9e601233e55db801abefe30dd>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-07-13: `ufs-utils: upgrade 6.14.11 ->
   7.14.11 <https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded/commit/0ae2109bce71d8cb2dee4a176a784e39f893501b>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-07-17: `ufs-utils: upgrade 7.14.11 ->
   7.14.12 <https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded/commit/f7bc16fc1e4a76ed96031fd6bde02183dfb8313b>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-07-25: `ufs-utils: update
   SRC_URI <https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded/commit/54ab96e225eb2332c03a9e4a644c642297afa310>`__

linux
-----

Repository URL: https://github.com/torvalds/linux.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-17:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Dario Binacchi**: Dario Binacchi made significant contributions over
the 3-month period. They converted various device tree bindings to
json-schema for Freescale MXS LRADC and added support for Engicam
MicroGEA GTW, RMM, BMM boards, and the MicroGEA-MX6UL SoM. They also
added devicetree bindings for these boards and selected drivers required
by them in the configurations. Additionally, Dario contributed support
for the i.MX28 Amarula RMM board, STM32h747i-disco board, and STM32h743
MCU, along with additional pin configurations and UART support. They
also ensured clock macro consistency for serial ports on the STM32H7
series and improved padconfig usage in mxs dts files. These
contributions reflect their dedication to expanding hardware support and
enhancing the software ecosystem.

.. _here-the-commits-of-dario-binacchi-in-detail-5:

Here the commits of **Dario Binacchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-04-27: `ARM: dts: stm32h7-pinctrl: add \_a
   suffix to u[s]art_pins
   phandles <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/6a36dca4375fce51b627f5a985a79fc8b8bd7f55>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-04-27: `dt-bindings: arm: stm32: add
   compatible for stm32h747i-disco
   board <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/815d49f61ea049075482161f897aa13e1ae30cbb>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-04-27: `ARM: stm32: add a new SoC -
   STM32H747 <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/cb0c6e1244e18a2c2d69574d58f304feccfd3b2c>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-04-27: `dt-bindings: clock: stm32h7:
   rename USART{7,8}_CK to
   UART{7,8}_CK <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/ecab3c40fa49a2073c4c916ebff9496a6b5db7bd>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-04-27: `ARM: dts: stm32: add uart8 node
   for stm32h743
   MCU <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/07aa43adae2363c3734055aeba0789536fa0f8f2>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-04-27: `ARM: dts: stm32: add pin map for
   UART8 controller on
   stm32h743 <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/47d16ab94b8e5e85aedba3cd22cfdf3877bf1dfb>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-04-27: `ARM: dts: stm32: add an extra pin
   map for USART1 on
   stm32h743 <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/8e71dfe46a4a1e9505b1a327470f879b63388968>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-04-27: `ARM: dts: stm32: support
   STM32h747i-disco
   board <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/49ba8fc6eab63165639ffbb9f976222d39739cab>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-05-07: `ARM: dts: mxs: use padconfig
   macros <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/10d0bc88bbc884519abe7d966d86b1ca7f3d686b>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-05-30: `dt-bindings: mfd: convert
   mxs-lradc bindings to
   json-schema <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/009528b5aa13af4fe36d1ca71e2cef2bc92c6a3e>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-20: `ARM: dts: imx28: add pwm7 muxing
   options <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/b63ae4182b6afa89ad0f7cff9c932328d887b936>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-20: `dt-bindings: arm: fsl: add i.MX28
   Amarula rmm
   board <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/2fe1b7ffd83589727d1a4bb38179a46093491249>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-20: `ARM: dts: mxs: support i.MX28
   Amarula rmm
   board <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/ad296c411452d1b490bf4742c2eb7e5e4a400561>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-20: `ARM: mxs_defconfig: Cleanup
   mxs_defconfig <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/aa67e2bad30b7401fba9646bb7d65917a420baf1>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-20: `ARM: mxs_defconfig: select new
   drivers used by
   imx28-amarula-rmm <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/765081cde522253cf588a46ac2ba0ab8659a85f4>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-20: `dt-bindings: arm: fsl: support
   Engicam MicroGEA BMM
   board <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/3d1678688810ddf1fc1746c1b992b72e1c1ec89a>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-20: `ARM: dts: imx6ul: support Engicam
   MicroGEA-MX6UL
   SoM <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/a8281618e8a50f22082f7159900bc066abe7098c>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-20: `ARM: dts: imx6ul: support Engicam
   MicroGEA BMM
   board <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/02e0babff3f785c131f3a79ebf8c9014450335d0>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-20: `ARM: imx_v6_v7_defconfig: cleanup
   with
   savedefconfig <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/8adba3555dfdd93b360cbf1cd1f7aa72da5b1c98>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-20: `ARM: imx_v6_v7_defconfig: select
   CONFIG_INPUT_PWM_BEEPER <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/128fe144e7b86ee53cccef7021312157fda311f0>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-20: `dt-bindings: arm: fsl: support
   Engicam MicroGEA RMM
   board <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/73ee9b11878a41f5677054be39ce7f9e8f63fa72>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-20: `ARM: dts: imx6ul: support Engicam
   MicroGEA RMM
   board <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/ffea3cac94ba5f43837acf6c42a4a2215e1e96a6>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-20: `dt-bindings: arm: fsl: support
   Engicam MicroGEA GTW
   board <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/69c9acadd4d277c4ad5480f1f8c77c551075e6d3>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-20: `ARM: dts: imx6ul: support Engicam
   MicroGEA GTW
   board <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/c343d58ed8b6b649ae8bf3a1a8dc2fc272ab39b5>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-20: `ARM: imx_v6_v7_defconfig: select
   CONFIG_USB_HSIC_USB3503 <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/0c7124658677885b603f1748fb997b3bdc87dc69>`__

u-boot
------

Repository URL: https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-18:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Dario Binacchi**: Dario Binacchi made significant contributions over
the past 3 months. They added support for the STM32H747XI SoC on the
stm32h747-discovery board, including flash and SRAM resources, various
interfaces, and controllers. Additionally, they introduced DTS files and
pin map configurations for different UART controllers on the STM32h743
MCU, enhancing the board’s capabilities. Dario also worked on
standardizing clock macros for serial ports, ensuring consistency with
the reference manual. Furthermore, they updated the board’s
compatibility information, refined pin map configurations for UART
controllers, and expanded configurations for peripherals using
consistent schemes. Dario addressed clock system issues and memory
allocation failures on the BSH SMM S2 board, enabling U-Boot loading
from raw NAND sectors and supporting clock system enablement for UART.
They also standardized the use of \`IS_ENABLED()\` in the codebase.
Overall, Dario Binacchi’s contributions have significantly improved the
functionality and compatibility of the software development projects
they were involved in.

.. _here-the-commits-of-dario-binacchi-in-detail-6:

Here the commits of **Dario Binacchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-04-27: `ARM: dts: stm32h7-pinctrl: add \_a
   suffix to u[s]art_pins
   phandles <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/5d15b4305275e3822d0e978e2caf158293e54b6d>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-04-27: `dt-bindings: arm: stm32: add
   compatible for stm32h747i-disco
   board <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/484f098b2f73ed01e45c881a8e465718457a1a06>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-04-27: `dt-bindings: clock: stm32h7:
   rename USART{7,8}_CK to
   UART{7,8}_CK <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/e543e8b4094f7fa766412e5b7877dc321a9a8474>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-04-27: `ARM: dts: stm32: add uart8 node
   for stm32h743
   MCU <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/d4fe7cd8ca00d92c76b1cca3d16fbe1766483e90>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-04-27: `ARM: dts: stm32: add pin map for
   UART8 controller on
   stm32h743 <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/1addd0e42962941a811e2d307376c865f65c1c8e>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-04-27: `ARM: dts: stm32: add an extra pin
   map for USART1 on
   stm32h743 <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/3a310f59c38501d559455230b9a9226ca7986745>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-04-27: `ARM: dts: stm32: support
   STM32h747i-disco
   board <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/cb348ba58ff2b45dc7f6e9675193ff61b22bc7fc>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-05-15: `arm: imx: imx8m: soc: replace
   ifdef by
   IS_ENABLED() <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/4c82eeab9840983693791117aa75f7bd7fbc805b>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-05-20: `spl: Kconfig: support U-Boot load
   from raw
   NAND <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/8acea298bb82c38b20855cd46a46b9e418dc1fb0>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-05-20: `imx: spl_imx_romapi: support raw
   NAND
   sector <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/24d98fa63bbcb21988e4e822f11686319502fb1f>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-05-20: `configs: imx8mn_bsh_smm_s2: load
   U-Boot from raw
   NAND <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/dce71922df352b0eb1b6cc3d40c374ad80a7d6c5>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-05-20: `board: bsh:
   imx8mn_bsh_smm_s2/s2pro: enlarge
   CONFIG_SPL_SYS_MALLOC_F_LEN <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/ce3f23404c1990b949983d77d1ce543ac492c929>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-05-20: `board: bsh:
   imx8mn_bsh_smm_s2/s2pro: let clock system enable UART
   clock <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/c42c6a108b592bbcda4a116dc81a2237ae708d7e>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-07: `ARM: dts: stm32: add
   stm32h747i-disco-u-boot DTS
   file <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/366f0bfe4f8be35961469f405929e9bb77bb5599>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-07: `board: stm32: add
   stm32h747-discovery board
   support <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/7ab0ee3a59c01ca164a5b71e0c4c90555da5e806>`__

**Michael Trimarchi**: In the past 3 months, Michael Trimarchi has made
significant contributions to software development. Key highlights
include adding board configurations for watchdog reset and enabling
clock frameworks for various platforms, such as the imx6ulz_smm_m2b and
imx6ulz_smm_m2. Additionally, Michael introduced the BSH SystemMaster
(SMM) M2B board and implemented memory configuration systems to resolve
compatibility issues. Noteworthy improvements were made to the NAND
controller performance by adding support for EDO mode and transitioning
to a more efficient clock API. Moreover, the addition of the i.MX6UL clk
driver and adjustments to DDR settings for SPL on i.mx6 demonstrate
Michael’s commitment to enhancing system stability and performance.
Finally, bug fixes were implemented to address issues with the reset
functionality and macro naming, ensuring smooth operation across
different architectures and platforms.

.. _here-the-commits-of-michael-trimarchi-in-detail-7:

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-15: `arm: imx: imx8m: soc: fix the
   macro
   name <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/f7cddc4c6f4e4da57c6500cd0d88ea06e937b239>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-16: `arm: dts:
   imx6ulz-bsh-smm-m2-u-boot: Drop soc
   node <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/e761a77cdb917cba41992a53ee9b55e925a20701>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-16: `configs: imx6ulz_smm_m2: Add
   board watchdog reset
   configuration <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/fcf2a415a97a0cb7eddffcdfa7c44da83b5d1a59>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-16: `arm: dts: imx6ulz-bsh-smm-m2:
   Fix reset using wdt-reboot
   driver <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/31899c52bde17f0e393f10853213740d779cf424>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-20: `board: freescale: imx8mn_evk:
   let clock system enable UART
   clock <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/c1ccc4c0f3f96689cb71ec0ff30534af81627bf3>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-21: `board: bsh: imx6ulz_smm_m2:
   Match SPL DDR settings to DCD
   table <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/da6547acb8e645fe7000ea07d7ad0fcafc037b3a>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-30: `clk: imx: add i.MX6UL clk
   driver <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/0f53197c3d6ccced1d73103de5ee222500353394>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-30: `mtd: mxs_nand_dt: Move from
   clk_get/clk_enable to clk_bulk
   api <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/1c513b9edf64d82aaeb1308d2e0ea14e5a2e13f1>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-30: `mtd: nand: Add support for EDO
   mode 1-5 to IMX6ULL
   platform <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/404a4c84d8800ce3e39cdaff1c6bc97ad3d6c459>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-30:
   `configs/imx6ulz_smm_m2_defconfig: Enable clock
   framework <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/8642939ee049b737c179afd530da3dc1f9525964>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-31: `bsh: imx6ulz_smm_m2: Add
   imx6ulz BSH SMM M2B
   board <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/c7b82b4aabc6ef9af953b779490eb2385d299f51>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-08:
   `configs/imx6ulz_smm_m2b_defconfig: Enable clock
   framework <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/a61e5c6427b969522a1a4e3b16994ed4091d6bdf>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-08: `configs: imx6ulz_smm_m2b: Add
   board watchdog reset
   configuration <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/a4b03f8005744b48e93a3b69a9a3ad76caa708eb>`__

buildroot
---------

Repository URL: https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-19:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Adam Duskett**: Adam Duskett made several significant software
development contributions over the span of 3 months. In the
package/sysvinit update to version 3.14, the maximum inittab entry size
was increased to 253 characters, with warnings and refusal for lines
exceeding this limit. In the package/systemd update to version 257.5,
notable changes included default options adjustments and dependencies on
newer kernels. The package/polkit bump to version 126 removed the mozjs
support option. Additionally, Adam Duskett enabled docker, rpm, and
script modules in package/mender-update-modules to prepare for future
updates. The package/refpolicy update to version 2.20250213 addressed
errors related to dbus module absence. Various SELinux-related packages
were also bumped to version 3.8.1. Lastly, Adam Duskett fixed shellcheck
and check-package warnings in package/audit/S02auditd.

.. _here-the-commits-of-adam-duskett-in-detail-1:

Here the commits of **Adam Duskett** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-13: `package/sysvinit: bump to version
   3.14 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/ccfa9f40b8db0416165c07ca850ceb7b43a97cff>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-14: `package/systemd: bump to version
   257.5 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/7d8d48cd2ba1396ea146e94020939f4dfe08c5cb>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-15: `package/audit/S02auditd: fix
   shellcheck and check-package
   warnings <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/cbabeb507744e220f5edaabb3a1549c1399adad6>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-15: `package/libsepol: bump to version
   3.8.1 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/992b6783931157a809ed8435b08c2d21f380cc01>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-15: `package/libsemanage: bump to version
   3.8.1 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/2a7823a7fe2a1859ff8cab2d92a22a69003d62db>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-15: `package/libselinux: bump to version
   3.8.1 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/1ae3ad4e878e1f4217ba3276ff0c9e584234afa4>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-15: `package/policycoreutils: bump to
   version
   3.8.1 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/9cd495b871ad8c3462294d175e927f00044dc862>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-15: `package/checkpolicy: bump to version
   3.8.1 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/ebf1217a7bd2b7750cde99718348f8f4e823588f>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-15: `package/restorecond: bump to version
   3.8.1 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/d0e1181b16819fd489ee7226be9957038310faa1>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-15: `package/semodule-utils: bump to
   version
   3.8.1 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/0683e7d65b27609b2d3c642186d4cfbca8748aa6>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-15: `package/selinux-python: bump to
   verson
   3.8.1 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/f93e0ec5850402b2cc0478e864223019277ecc79>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-15: `package/refpolicy: bump to version
   2.20250213 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/5cfe10ffb26f5b250fdbce3b1b0a692346349571>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-16: `package/polkit: bump version to
   126 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/b9a9930de0c873e68de1c8242ff9281d87eda722>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-16: `package/mender_x86_64_efi_defconfig:
   bump kernel to
   6.12.28 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/8c4a96e52fbc60b0e6348fd4b41ea08cd78fd145>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-16: `package/mender-update-modules: new
   package <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/a474642fdcd8c69e12126bbe8304479aa855d916>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-05-16: `package/mender-update-modules:
   enable docker, rpm, and script
   modules <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/6debbd693b920ffa618b8d30ac5eb6edbff814f2>`__

**Dario Binacchi**: Dario Binacchi made significant contributions over
the past 3 months. They updated various packages, including bumping
Armadillo to version 14.6.1, INI handling library to version 61, and UFS
utilities to version 7.14.12. Additionally, they updated Linux and
U-Boot versions for different configurations, ensuring compatibility and
testing on various boards. Dario also introduced a new package,
PocketPy, a portable Python 3.x interpreter. They fixed issues like
U-Boot startup on the BSH SMM S2 board and compilation errors in the UUU
package. Furthermore, they addressed security vulnerabilities in
ConnMan, improving DNS proxy handling and version updates. Overall,
Dario’s contributions focused on package updates, bug fixes, security
enhancements, and system compatibility.

.. _here-the-commits-of-dario-binacchi-in-detail-7:

Here the commits of **Dario Binacchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-04-30: `boot/ti-k3-boot-firmware: bump to
   version
   11.00.11 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/981e3686fce17e0d3ba09548d28fa88763a171e8>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-04-30: `package/ufs-utils: bump to version
   6.13.11 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/e19ac5ed7c66e82d8853ac9c7ef23c4a6101f842>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-05-12: `package/inih: bump to version
   60 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/d2e2e58d4313d3173f49e89ff198a7cd1d2b32c0>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-05-12: `DEVELOPERS: add Dario Binacchi for
   inih <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/501018ad6156fad90fd98c63d9de1630cd526acf>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-05-12: `package/connman: bump to version
   1.44 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/ce9a64b5d15a484762cbd40007650784998b100b>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-05-12: `package/connman: fix
   CVE-2025-32743 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/6c4da559ccad17acad5e638aba888543cf4245d0>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-05-12: `configs/imx6ulz_bsh_smm_m2: bump
   Linux to
   6.12.28 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/d64ae929685e3b79ba383dee1946a52576bae3de>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-05-12: `board/bsh/imx6ulz-bsh-smm-m2:
   flash
   U-Boot <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/a7ea1e658de6d8f951ef8c4e81724c131306db6b>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-05-13: `package/connman: fix
   CVE-2025-32366 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/a8cfe9986c9de8f575dc94e242c0ccc26e03b19d>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-05-23: `board: bsh: imx8mn-bsh-smm-s2: fix
   U-Boot
   startup <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/43dcaa19a0a8549df39f51ab6782840834ea79a8>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-05-26: `package/uuu: fix gcc-15 compile
   errors <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/6788f3d26ccf36b928c68b423077ae590d176967>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-04: `package/armadillo: bump to version
   14.4.3 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/0f99f5def92c210a278734c9fdc48d1d323aa298>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-10: `package/pocketpy: new
   package <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/669f28ac0b4520d088f69f365b0e5bffa5bf7c02>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-17: `package/ufs-utils: bump to version
   6.14.11 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/c8ddc2a32617d07495490c142ebe14e68e6fc0bd>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-06-25: `package/mmc-utils: bump version to
   1.0 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/e339bef04bd0bfcf70e75de9a097ba4e82785494>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-07-07: `package/armadillo: bump to version
   14.6.0 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/250a115c32bcb2146f6a8e51a4e43f5ffecd280c>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-07-07: `package/ufs-utils: bump to version
   7.14.11 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/e3a52cc941c154a2ddf6c71df3c8c1daf70a4f86>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-07-08: `boot/uboot: bump to version
   2025.07 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/0802f39a78741967875ff6ba92e3711577644db3>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-07-10: `configs/ti_am62x_sk: bump U-Boot
   and Linux
   versions <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/8fe9da71a3989a46c01fe39f6c22e8094e62de5e>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-07-11: `configs/beaglebone: bump Linux to
   6.12.23-ti-arm32-r11 and U-Boot to
   2025.07 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/d4c5cfe80db563fc9d380d68e2b201f8bd4a9c1e>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-07-16: `package/ufs-utils: bump to version
   7.14.12 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/87be5a1e70707c3b4e2a9287d4649e4b48809fff>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-07-17: `configs/imx6ulz_bsh_smm_m2: bump
   Linux to 6.12.36 and U-Boot to
   2025.07 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/d3e89ca9475c7a7585aa3c405145b14c09f82689>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-07-20: `configs/imx8mn_bsh_smm_s2[\_pro]:
   bump Linux to 6.12.39 and U-Boot to
   2025.07 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/91b9d8c32b3c5793b795558d6890a168819df3e3>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-07-28: `package/inih: bump to version
   61 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/b9a14eaff121f61011015f80c84155b84867757a>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-07-28: `package/armadillo: bump to version
   14.6.1 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/9440bf5a62b99fd47ce76e8fc7fa911f39d7876b>`__

**Michael Trimarchi**: Michael Trimarchi bumped the python-spidev
package to version 3.7 to address a deprecation warning. Additionally,
in the board/bsh/imx8mn-bsh-smm-s2, the entire NAND chip is now erased
before attempting to create a UBI volume to prevent errors. These
contributions demonstrate attention to detail in addressing warnings and
ensuring a smooth operation in the NAND chip handling process.

.. _here-the-commits-of-michael-trimarchi-in-detail-8:

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-05-15: `board/bsh/imx8mn-bsh-smm-s2:
   erase the entire NAND
   chip <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/97ac89eb115dbcd28efd1cf95d9a308f71b33041>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2025-07-07: `package/python-spidev: bump to
   version
   3.7 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/3c46549f890977a805ecbf460bb2f022f482feaa>`__

This overview highlights the continuous effort and innovation from our
development team. We look forward to bringing even more exciting updates
in the future!

--------------

*Generated by the Git Commit Article Generator*
