Today 2026-02-01 Developments: A Look at Our Codebase (1 Months Review)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

We’re excited to share a summary of the significant progress made across
our repositories in the last 1 months. Our dedicated team has been busy
pushing new features, refining existing functionalities, and enhancing
the overall stability of our products.

Here’s a breakdown of key contributions by repository:

chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin
---------------------------------

Repository URL:
https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin.git

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Michael Trimarchi**: Michael Trimarchi updated the version in the
pom.xml file to 3.1.1 following a plugin renaming. This change ensures
that the project is using the correct version and aligns with the recent
plugin updates.

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-01-02: `pom.xml: Bump the version to
   3.1.1 <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/9f1300ebec4e11f6eff064b4d63ae1e1b523611d>`__

**Patrizio Gelosi**: Patrizio Gelosi lowered the log level for patch set
dump from \`info\` to \`debug\` to reduce log output. They fixed a bug
causing the plugin to hang indefinitely when retrieving the project name
key. Additionally, they implemented a feature where assistant
instructions are included from \`.gerrit/ai-instructions.md\` files in
git projects. Patrizio also improved error handling for missing files
during git access and resolved an issue where an exception was
incorrectly thrown during merge operations.

Here the commits of **Patrizio Gelosi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2026-01-15: `fix: exception thrown during
   merge <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/00b77caf78a8df9450cfed0325969903ec72c131>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2026-01-15: `fix: hang while retrieving
   project name
   key <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/c25ed0dd6e92df2b7c1ee5dbc700fbed6330957f>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2026-01-16: `fix: handle missing files in
   git <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/840dae68499b31e38cff1af384fdfb73059b8470>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2026-01-16: `feat: include assistant
   instructions from git
   repo <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/c591e5ed40dc43815d102fb5e7752c798b637784>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2026-01-21: `chore: lower log level for patch
   set
   dump <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/b09c3e7b8bba275d404f1fb87bdfd945e4a95fe5>`__

git-collect-plugin
------------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-1:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Michael Trimarchi**: Michael Trimarchi removed a false positive
warning in CollectGitStep and added the @POST annotation while
suppressing the missing permission check. In the pom.xml file,
unnecessary exclusions of injected tests were eliminated, and structs
and jacarta.servlet-api were dropped. Additionally, a new getRemote()
endpoint function was added to LocalGitInfo, and an invalid import was
fixed in CollectGitStep. The transition from junit4 to junit5 was made
to allow building and running tests after introducing a junit4 ban.
Finally, fixes were applied to allow plugin adoption, including updating
the Jenkins version in the pom.xml and addressing various missing files
and configurations as required.

.. _here-the-commits-of-michael-trimarchi-in-detail-1:

Here the commits of **Michael Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-01-31: `Apply fix to allow plugin
   adoptation <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/dd8109bc3950c2d759fa7932bea31f28711bf7e5>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-01-31: `Move from junit4 to
   junit5 <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/ac8d2f1a077924a8cad2ddb2008d63b75cf6ff08>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-01-31: `CollectGitStep: Fix invalid
   import <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/b68d874c66b8fcc1d80d7fc5924504ed30d169ef>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-01-31: `LocalGitInfo: Add getRemote()
   endpoint
   function <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/799a57a5b5f27b312facb1b568a64515f4194407>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-01: `pom.xml: Drop structs and
   jacarta.servlet-api <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/e3e257e8842576830f6f1d4a06f60619a0256134>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-01: `pom.xml: There is not need to
   exclude injected
   tests <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/e2b6881392c67f4cb84fb1fb142ae86466644275>`__
-  **Michael Trimarchi** on 2026-02-01: `CollectGitStep: Remove false
   positive
   warning <https://github.com/amarula/git-collect-plugin/commit/367a71288badef961e077ee45487aafc9d0e5a43>`__

nlcpp
-----

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-2:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Roman Smrž**: Roman Smrž added an \`Address\` constructor from string
with a family hint parameter to the codebase. This change enhances the
flexibility of creating \`Address\` objects. Additionally, explicit tags
were included in the C++ constructors to clarify the memory-management
of raw pointers, improving code readability and maintainability.

Here the commits of **Roman Smrž** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Roman Smrž** on 2026-01-06: `Explicit tags for handling raw
   pointers in
   constructors <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/35cb85989a0617f6805b71a9338acfb007ca4c4f>`__
-  **Roman Smrž** on 2026-01-07: `Address constructor from string with
   family
   hint <https://github.com/amarula/nlcpp/commit/29c02b83a5d248787e3da01763975df8044c4758>`__

explain-error-plugin
--------------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/jenkinsci/explain-error-plugin

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-3:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi**: Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi added a
deep link to the AI Error Explanation UI, allowing users to navigate
directly to the specific location of a failure from the AI summary. The
logic was updated to generate a URL for the failed step in the
\`PipelineLogExtractor\`, with support for node- specific linking. This
enhancement included adding a “View Full Report” button in the UI and
updating related tests to match the method signature changes. The
changes were made to improve user experience and streamline error
troubleshooting in complex pipelines.

Here the commits of **Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Michael Nazzareno Trimarchi** on 2026-01-03: `Add deep link to AI
   Error Explanation UI
   (#69) <https://github.com/jenkinsci/explain-error-plugin/commit/26a5376a9a6c08d7ec8387e5da5fca1336a18b3b>`__

meta-openembedded
-----------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-4:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Adam Duskett**: Adam Duskett removed the unnecessary BBCLASSEXTEND =
“native nativesdk” in the libtsm recipe to address a warning related to
missing dependencies. Additionally, Adam Duskett added a recipe for
kmscon in libtsm to fulfill a dependency requirement. In the kmscon
recipe, default settings were provided to avoid dependencies, and a
patch was included to resolve a compilation error when using LLVM as the
preferred toolchain. These changes aim to enhance the build process and
ensure smoother integration of the components.

Here the commits of **Adam Duskett** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Adam Duskett** on 2026-01-20: `libtsm: add recipe for kmscon
   dependency <https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded/commit/200f48d7748deceb2312995d2753183a9087d555>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2026-01-20: `kmscon: Add
   recipe <https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded/commit/df2ac278120e9fdb04b62a044d391b91f52b62f1>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2026-01-23: `libtsm: drop BBCLASSEXTEND = “native
   nativesdk” <https://github.com/openembedded/meta-openembedded/commit/e0719a3497b410c368c645b2ad907190c66cb6ef>`__

u-boot
------

Repository URL: https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-5:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Dario Binacchi**: Dario Binacchi updated the board for STM32MP2 to
read the boot index from backup registers, aligning with a previous
commit for STM32MP1. This enhancement allows the system to retrieve the
boot index information efficiently on STM32MP2 platforms.

Here the commits of **Dario Binacchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-18: `board: stm32mp2: read boot index
   from backup
   register <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/07cd29b175d405f904b3f638b75eb9006e5ecba0>`__

buildroot
---------

Repository URL: https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-6:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Dario Binacchi**: Dario Binacchi updated various board configurations
to include ‘set -eu’ in post-build scripts, ensuring proper error
reporting during image generation. Additionally, Dario Binacchi fixed a
typo in the readme.txt files of STM32F769-DISCO and STM32F469-DISCO
boards. Furthermore, Dario Binacchi introduced support for the
STM32h747i-disco board with detailed specifications. Lastly, U-Boot and
Linux versions were bumped in multiple configurations for compatibility
and feature enhancements.

.. _here-the-commits-of-dario-binacchi-in-detail-1:

Here the commits of **Dario Binacchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-07: `boot/uboot: bump to version
   2026.01 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/98e71e54ba3df12b660cd56caa1678e497545dd6>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-07: `configs/stm32mp1\ \_dk: bump Linux
   to 6.12.63 and U-Boot to
   2026.01 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/799d184e89bc52de9c1b0e241f60d9827a473128>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-07: `configs/ti_am62x_sk: bump U-Boot
   and Linux
   versions <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/05b9cec0e41891b3e424e2667e8bc9e4d4953da0>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-07: `configs/beaglebone: bump U-Boot to
   2026.01 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/f842d9189a92e3bbab7f66a4151873e998cd9d88>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-09: `configs/stm32f746_disco_sd: bump
   Linux to 5.15.197 and U-Boot to
   2026.01 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/393fae1a1d191962d5650275e35a9eff3271ce9d>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-09: `configs/stm32f769_disco_sd: bump
   Linux to 5.15.197 and U-Boot to
   2026.01 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/a91732668fa1545c4986cc8191a4e085cdad0237>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-09: `configs/stm32f469_disco\_{sd,
   xip}: bump Linux to
   5.15.197 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/e25cf276fedcb600efdce8f3472f9ff40c0d3c9d>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-10: `configs/stm32f429_disco_xip: bump
   Linux to
   6.1.159 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/675bc1ee5219061e39ba355d4943ffee75529cb3>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-10: `configs/imx8mn_bsh_smm_s2[\_pro]:
   bump Linux to 6.12.64 and U-Boot to
   2026.01 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/55a9e573372f7e708590fb7cac9ccaa4dedcb7c6>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-10: `configs/imx6ulz_bsh_smm_m2: bump
   Linux to 6.12.64 and U-Boot to
   2026.01 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/5db217e51e9a23f7d7a4c8dc33e1b8bb7093a422>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-19: `configs/stm32h747_disco_sd: new
   defconfig <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/c5f5ac1cbb5b9a05f2680b04d368b1da4a17ffd2>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-19: `package/cmocka: bump to version
   2.0.2 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/c654e2b7c5c8ad267493142597fd7231bdd74248>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-22:
   `board/stmicroelectronics/stm32f769-disco: fix typo in
   readme.txt <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/7cedf74c1759394bb0cd8381c605664c8c20eb4f>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-22:
   `board/stmicroelectronics/stm32f469-disco: fix typo in
   readme.txt <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/cd10beb0e8cef0ab3e1c199085751dc732d8d043>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-24:
   `board/stmicroelectronics/stm32f4xx: exit post-build.sh on
   error <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/3c8ecc05c6b1c30141808910653dc109a27835cc>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-24: `board/ti/common/am6xx: remove
   debug flag from post-build
   script <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/d2dcd7547c9dc4357e588cf5425ccd6242d91cf8>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-24: `board/ti/common/am6xx: exit
   post-build.sh on
   error <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/dcb1764e6f0cd00bf5346711598fd43fb48608c8>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-24:
   `board/stmicroelectronics/stm32f746-disco: exit post-build.sh on
   error <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/3eec14e664c475b6574d2858a3c63b7c6126e91e>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-24: `board/beagleboard/beaglebone: exit
   post-build.sh on
   error <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/c22dc1b819b3428eb0313afc5216bd69575c1021>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-24:
   `board/stmicroelectronics/stm32f469-disco: exit post-build.sh on
   error <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/6b5c20285687abbda9ef048d6787eb487735f99e>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-24: `board/bsh/imx8mn-bsh-smm-s2-pro:
   exit post-build.sh on
   error <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/1a813ba4ee24429ab617d179d3b5efe6010333b2>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-24: `board/bsh/imx6ulz-bsh-smm-m2: exit
   post-build.sh on
   error <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/374f5b66cbecf0254cf1b50ee106a15011d527b7>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-24: `board/bsh/imx8mn-bsh-smm-s2: exit
   post-build.sh on
   error <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/fb847e83797022dceedbcf92c5c2c72cffc32883>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-24:
   `board/stmicroelectronics/stm32f769-disco: exit post-build.sh on
   error <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/42411aa324f5e70dc42e9b83824cb8758207158a>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2026-01-26: `package/less: bump to version
   691 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/54153e7ac859a6af36266a24bb49d7f1692b6761>`__

This overview highlights the continuous effort and innovation from our
development team. We look forward to bringing even more exciting updates
in the future!

--------------

*Generated by the Git Commit Article Generator*
