Runtime display switching in a Linux System (1xn)
================================================

Due to rapid graphical industrial evolution, display interface providers
are coming up with display bridges to address the mismatch between 
application-specific display interfaces vs on-chip display controllers
(like from SoC, MCU). This simplifies the on-chip solution provider to 
concentrate on a single display interface so that the application can 
choose a direct interface or any other interface by using a display bridge.

Display bridges are linear and one-to-one display interface convertors however
the display interface provider makes the further complexity to these bridges 
and came up with a display switch that can take a single display interface 
input and convert more than one display interface output.

This kind of display switch has a variety of use cases in industrial and
consumer graphic applications. A couple of display switch designs are 
available in the market via conventional mux with display bridges and a 
complete converter bridge chip with a one-to-two interface.

As the Linux DRM subsystem progresses toward DRM bridges, these display
switches are well suited to be part of DRM bridges. Supporting display
switches in Linux DRM is complex and new as DRM bridges are linear in 
architecture. In order to operate display switches via drm bridge, it 
requires a pipeline to non-linear and tree structure as switch operate
more than one output.

.. video:: /images/display-switch.mp4

Detailed information at:
https://indico.freedesktop.org/event/2/contributions/76/

.. Jagan Teki <jagan@amarulasolutions.com>
.. Monday 28 November 2022 12:47:27 AM IST
