Today 2025-12-02 Developments: A Look at Our Codebase (1 Months Review)
=======================================================================

We’re excited to share a summary of the significant progress made across
our repositories in the last 1 months. Our dedicated team has been busy
pushing new features, refining existing functionalities, and enhancing
the overall stability of our products.

Here’s a breakdown of key contributions by repository:

chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin
---------------------------------

Repository URL:
https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin.git

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Patrizio Gelosi**: Patrizio Gelosi addressed a critical compatibility
issue with Gerrit version 13, ensuring the plugin’s core functionality
was no longer obstructed. Additionally, they updated the plugin to
utilize the latest Gerrit plugin API version 3.13.1, enhancing its
performance and compatibility with the platform. These contributions
demonstrate a proactive approach to maintaining and improving the
plugin’s functionality, ensuring a seamless user experience with Gerrit.

Here the commits of **Patrizio Gelosi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-11-14: `chore: bump to
   gerrit-3.13.1 <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/60605a57bea3fdac61169920187d86dbd7fd0432>`__
-  **Patrizio Gelosi** on 2025-11-14: `fix: compatibility issue with
   Gerrit
   13 <https://github.com/amarula/chatgpt-code-review-gerrit-plugin/commit/8ed86861e6a6f9804fda28b1919ccb9a45debb76>`__

flutekeyboard
-------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/flutekeyboard.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-1:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Andrea Ricchi**: Andrea Ricchi made a significant update with Version
0.3.0, introducing new features, bug fixes, and improvements to the
software. The release signifies a notable advancement in the development
progress, showcasing a commitment to enhancing the overall functionality
and user experience. Andrea Ricchi’s contributions over the past month
have been instrumental in driving the software forward, with a focus on
delivering key features and addressing reported issues. The release
underlines a dedicated effort to refine the software and meet user
expectations, highlighting a proactive approach to software development.
Andrea Ricchi’s work demonstrates a consistent effort to iterate on the
software, incorporating valuable enhancements and optimizations to
ensure a robust and reliable product.

Here the commits of **Andrea Ricchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Andrea Ricchi** on 2025-11-20: `Version
   0.3.0 <https://github.com/amarula/flutekeyboard/commit/393475f61a24037e8ee4db94fb40189762420b51>`__

libcppconnman
-------------

Repository URL: https://github.com/amarula/libcppconnman.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-2:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Eduardo Gonzalez**: In the past month, Eduardo Gonzalez focused on
enhancing workflows by implementing a feature to add post-build
artifacts. This improvement allows for the automatic upload of artifact
URLs upon successful pull request builds. Additionally, a new action was
introduced to post comments on PR conversations, enhancing collaboration
and communication within the development process. Notably, a bug related
to issue #16 was successfully addressed during this period. These
contributions demonstrate Eduardo Gonzalez’s commitment to streamlining
development processes and fostering effective communication within the
team.

Here the commits of **Eduardo Gonzalez** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Eduardo Gonzalez** on 2025-10-21: `workflows: Add post build
   artifacts <https://github.com/amarula/libcppconnman/commit/d89262c2cd7336da8ba9eb06228d422847fe4b20>`__

u-boot
------

Repository URL: https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-3:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Andrea Calabrese**: Andrea Calabrese made improvements to the BSH
SystemMaster (SMM) M2B board support by updating the timing for the 512
MB version and adjusting the spi.c accordingly. Additionally, Andrea
updated the readme file to include instructions for building the M2B
board. These changes enhance the usability and documentation of the
software development project. The commit messages reflect a focus on
refining specific aspects of the project to ensure better functionality
and user guidance. Andrea’s contributions demonstrate a commitment to
enhancing the overall quality and accessibility of the software for
users and developers alike.

Here the commits of **Andrea Calabrese** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Andrea Calabrese** on 2025-10-31: `bsh: update readme with
   instructions to build
   M2B <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/6939fc995829246270fcb55b6c9c0dc77b13af42>`__
-  **Andrea Calabrese** on 2025-10-31: `bsh: imx6ulz_smm_m2: Update
   imx6ulz BSH SMM M2B
   board <https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot/commit/d5d2546647904e6c62b1e4a336ff366ec9950ca5>`__

buildroot
---------

Repository URL: https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot.git

.. _summary-of-the-contributions-by-author-4:

Summary of the contributions by author:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Adam Duskett**: Adam Duskett made contributions to the software
development by fixing the issue in the package/depot-tools related to
running gclient.py. This was caused by changes in the python-httplib2
package, which necessitated a patch to adjust the import statement.
Additionally, a host variant of the python-pysocks package was added to
accommodate the changes in httplib2. These updates were crucial for
ensuring the proper functioning of depot-tools and its usage in
generating flutter- engine tarballs. The commits were signed off by Adam
Duskett and Julien Olivain, indicating the successful resolution of the
issues.

Here the commits of **Adam Duskett** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-11-04: `package/python-pysocks: add host
   variant <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/85de5639c1354027ef107f1a83270d3c17c8af2c>`__
-  **Adam Duskett** on 2025-11-04: `package/depot-tools: fix running
   gclient.py <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/d1380f5863e4927936d12ea98417de9ddbc9903f>`__

**Dario Binacchi**: In the past month, Dario Binacchi made several key
contributions to various software packages. Notable updates include
bumping versions of packages such as pocketpy, uuu, netopeer2, sysrepo,
libyang, libnetconf2, netcat-openbsd, aardvark-dns, netavark,
uboot-bootcount, darkhttpd, cukinia, cryptodev-linux, crudini, cracklib,
cppzmq, cpp-httplib, brotli, cctz, conntrack-tools, brltty,
imx6ulz_bsh_smm_m2, and armadillo. These updates involved version bumps,
license file changes, patch merges, and build requirement adjustments.
Additionally, the contributions included updating release notes, fixing
license hash files, and ensuring compatibility between related packages.
The changes encompass a range of improvements, bug fixes, and version
upgrades across multiple software packages.

Here the commits of **Dario Binacchi** in detail:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-03: `package/armadillo: bump to version
   15.2.1 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/1e90d954bc18082258883c2ad829205ba946787d>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-04: `configs/imx6ulz_bsh_smm_m2: bump
   Linux to 6.12.56 and U-Boot to
   2025.10 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/96ffbbca8f893b0bbd2f34e440812fb729d0b434>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-05: `package/brltty: bump to version
   6.8 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/885f452df12bc0a0c3671ecf4016fb7f6e10606e>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-08: `package/conntrack-tools: bump to
   version
   1.4.8 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/2eded963ee54173867914fee05785122e0f34ee8>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-08: `package/cctz: bump to version
   2.5 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/fc31c07dbad287ec13e6ac7cb4ecb21648dd918c>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-08: `package/brotli: bump to version
   1.2.0 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/473c9400a0c7be14e7eb8ba617697a76286915b3>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-09: `package/cpp-httplib: bump to
   version
   0.27.0 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/2fdbc4faea912ac4dab829d0611ac089817fa14a>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-09: `package/cppzmq: bump to version
   4.11.0 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/0ba7a1363f7dd6f9a277e199e096b02b8118a886>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-09: `package/cracklib: bump to version
   2.10.3 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/81048015e8b4cb575712a868e32ee09e67f78ea5>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-09: `package/crudini: bump to version
   0.9.6 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/304a2231cbdffac7be5fd8a90a92801e43181fcd>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-09: `package/cryptodev-linux: bump to
   version
   1.14 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/4d65abce7ef56a7e457326a211f7a3ea4d9e3fe6>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-09: `package/cukinia: bump version to
   0.9.1 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/cffe5240231cf705fadf44acc5c3b90ba94b9ab5>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-09: `package/darkhttpd: bump to version
   1.17 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/860dd9610d12ef85e8df8786d1c800d2b84d67f8>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-10: `package/uboot-bootcount: bump to
   version
   3.2.0 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/b3b7faaf2adc46d49140a0c4ab24d18f4648b5c4>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-15: `package/{aardvark-dns, netavark}:
   bump to versions
   1.17.0 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/9e5c345ab17a6ca1e68be07eb60eac6228c8d01f>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-15: `package/netcat-openbsd: bump to
   version
   1.234 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/9e790ad1a120481a0db456ed49efcd9039c2d2dc>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-15: `package/libnetconf2: bump to
   version to
   3.7.10 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/6d6662e5fd19351642d225e86bf4aecbc4a7b2e6>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-15: `package/libyang: bump to version
   3.13.6 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/c49e140bfba4ee6738af7c15ee7f4d4bfc103db8>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-15: `package/sysrepo: bump version to
   3.7.11 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/621da9d96167c852a984ac444529751f18d2366d>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-15: `package/netopeer2: bump to version
   2.4.5 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/0289d61dfab7d3c4fa5ada72eb9db1bce9fbee87>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-17: `package/uuu: bump to version
   1.5.239 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/6a45133a5f4bac0dfcb02cc649ea8c7066645fc1>`__
-  **Dario Binacchi** on 2025-11-17: `package/pocketpy: bump to version
   2.1.4 <https://gitlab.com/buildroot.org/buildroot/commit/ea9d7398caf1dc1e6ee102d1b9af5d396f2432df>`__

This overview highlights the continuous effort and innovation from our
development team. We look forward to bringing even more exciting updates
in the future!

--------------

*Generated by the Git Commit Article Generator*
